a   really   good   choice    !    when   returning   from   hawaii ,    we   stopped   at   seattle   in   this   hotel .    and   we   didn ' t   regret   it !    we   arrived   in   the   very   morning    (  1  0 am )    and   settled   in   our   room   immediatly ,    and   we   really   did   appreciate   that . the   room   was   big ,    king   size   bed   and   comfortable ,    bathroom   very   enjoyable   too .    room   was   also   very   calm .    the   lift   gives   you   a   view   on   the   different   levels   thanks   to   glass   transparency   which   was   very   nice   because   we   were   in   seattle   just   for   the   snow   storm ! location   is   very   good   too    ( space   needle   and   downtown   are   at   a   walkable   distance )  . breakfast   is   complementary   and   very   good . spa ,    fitness   room   and   sauna   are   also   available   for   free . a   really   good   choice   for   the   price    (  ~  $  8  0  )  . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
everything   you   could   hope   for   my   friends   and   i   do   a   road   trip   to   a   different   nfl   venue   every   year .    this   was   a   great   place   to   stay   in   seattle .    we   like   to   hit   up   a   few   tourist   spots   in   addition   to   the   stadium   itself   and   this   hotel   proved   the   perfect   location   to   accomplish   that .    it ' s   within   easy   walking   distance   of   the   space   needle ,    pike   place   market ,    and   basically   anywhere   downtown .    if   you   have   no   problem   walking ,    you   can   even   walk   to   the   stadiums   with   little   issue    (  4  5    minutes ,    maybe ?  )  ,    which   we   did .    as   for   the   hotel   itself ,    it ' s   been   recently   remodeled   so   it ' s   very   clean   and   modern .    the   bedding   was   the   most   comfortable   i ' ve   experienced   in   recent   memory ,    and   the   breakfast   is   very   legit    ( it ' s   beyond   a   continental   breakfast   but   not   quite   a   real   breakfast )  .    the   price   was   a   ridiculous   bargain    (  $  7  5  / night )    but   this   place   was   so   perfect   for   what   we   were   looking   for ,    i   would ' ve   been   happy   if   i ' d   paid    $  1  2  5  .    the   staff   was   very   friendly ,    great   location ,    outstanding   pricing .    it ' s   the   dream   scenario   for   a   budget   traveler   looking   for   the   ideal   location ,    but   it   has   enough   frills   that   even   a   more   high   maintenance   individual   would   be   more   than   happy . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
reasonably   priced   hotel   in   downtown   seattle   we   stayed   at   the   loyal   inn   because   we   wanted   to   be   in   downtown   seattle ,    since   we   only   had   two   nights   there .    it   exceeded   our   expectations   in   many   respects .    the   rooms   were   large   and   comfortable ,    with   many   extra   amenities .    the   breakfast   was   very   extensive ,    with   many   fresh   fruits ,    eggs ,    breads   and   even   waffles . the   hotel   staff   was   very   friendly   and   helpful ,    especially   with   suggestions   of   places   to   see   during   our   rather   limited   time   in   the   city .     ( highlights   were   the   columbia   center ,    the   second   tallest   building   on   the   west   coast ,    with   marvelous   views   of   the   surrounding   area ,    and   also   the   pike   street   market .  ) we   also   appreciated   the   location ,    as   it   is   within   two   blocks   of   the   area   of   free   bus   transportation   from   early   morning   to   late   evening   on   all   buses   in   the   downtown   area .    this   was   a   marvelous   idea ,    and   did   much   to   cut   down   on   traffic   congestion . i   plan   to   return   to   this   hotel   in   the   spring   of    2  0  0  9  . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
stay   away !  !  !  !    not   worth   it .  .  .    dirty ,    run   down ,    smelly ,    and   bad   location .    wanted   to   stay   in   the   downtown   area ;    am   a   member   of   the   best   western   gold   club ,    and   decided   to   add   some   points   to   my   balance   and   stay   here .    we   are   not   super   picky    -    we   just   need   a   bed   after   all ,    since   we   will   be   out   and   about   most   of   the   day   anyway .    it   was   difficult   to   find   rest   and   comfort   at   this   location .    besides   the   horrible   noise   pollution   going   on   outside ,    the   guests   in   the   hotel   do   not   care   about   being   quiet   at    2 am   either    -    and   the   staff   could   care   less .    the   room   was   dingy ,    if   not   out   right   dirty ,    smelled   like   mildew ,    and   had   stains   on   the   carpet .    tiny   bathroom ,    not   big   enough   to   turn   around   in .    bad   tv   reception   just   to   add   insult   to   injury .    walls   and   lines   felt   damp    ( humid   area ,    but   why   would   that   matter   indoors ?  )    location   is   much   to   be   desired ,    homeless   people   sleeping   next   to   the   hotel ,    and   i   think   i   actually   witness   a   drug   deal   going   on   outside   my   window .  .  .  .    pay   a   few   extra    $  $    and   stay   somewhere   safer ,    cleaner   and   more   comfortable ! |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
worth   the   cost   the   room   that   i   was   given   had   not   been   made   up   after   the   previous   guests .    the   front   desk   promptly   gave   me   another   room ,    which   appeared   to   be   an   upgrade .    except   for   the   room鈥檚   carpeting ,    the   facility   was   clean   and   well - maintained   throughout .    the   staff   was   friendly   and   helpful ;    the   continental   breakfast   had   ample   selections   and   amounts .    the   room鈥檚   thin   floor   covering   appeared   not   to   have   been   vacuumed .    the   thermostat   on   the   noisy   heating / air   conditioning   unit   didn鈥檛   work ,    and   the   heat   had   to   be   turned   on      off   manually ,    throughout   the   night .    the   hotel   is   located   in   the   downtown   area ,    and   there   was   some   street   noise .    ok   for   business   travelers   and   seniors .    about    2    miles   from   amtrak . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
got   what   we   paid   for   but   great   breakfast   enjoy   your   breakfast   and   the   thought   that   you   are   saving   money    -  -    but   that   is   about   it . we   stayed   just   overnight   and   this   is   the   duration   that   i   recommend   to   everyone .    first ,    if   you   are   from   outside   u . s .  ,    make   sure   you   print   out   the   sheet    ( ie .    travelocity   or   expedia   page )    showing   that   you   get   free   parking .    we   had   a   dispute   with   the   front   desk   who   said   they   do   not   give   free   parking   but   if   we   could   prove   it ,    they   would   be   more   than   happy   to   accommodate .    we   had   to   use   their   internet    ( free   luckily )    to   print   out   the   page   and   show   to   them . second ,    bedding   linens   were   worn   out   and   must   have   been   from   the    7  0 s   but   were   clean .    checked   for   roaches ,    etc   but   none   so   i   guess   they   earned   their    2    stars .    carpet   is   threadbare .    you   get   a   fuzzy   tv   with   full   cable   and   a   reasonable   sized   fridge    ( no   alcohol )    and   microwave .    we   were   offput   by   the   dispensing   machines   in   the   bathroom   where   you   pressed   buttons   to   get   shampoo   and   soap .    how   cheap   is   that ? construction   in   the   neighborhood   begins   at    7 am   sharp   where   we   were   woken   by   jackhammer   drill   early   in   the   morning . breakfast   was   excellent   in   a   huge   breakfast   room   and   includes   yogourt ,    waffles    ( you   make   your   own )  ,    pastries ,    fruit ,    cereal ,    milk ,    hard   boiled   eggs ,    toast ,    bagels .    we   were   disgruntled   by   our   room   but   the   free   breakfast   somewhat   made   us   feel   better . elevator   is   sometimes   slow .    cleaning   staff   don ' t   say   hello   or   smile ,    i   guess   don ' t   care   about   guests   considering   this   is    2    star   hotel .    take   the   stairs   if   you   can . location   is   central ,    although   seems   area   is   kind   of   seedy   if   not   dead .    lots   of   car   lots   around .    you   can   walk   to   downtown   within    1  0    minutes .    they   leave   a   card   on   your   bed   warning   you   to   be   cautious   about   safety   in   this   area   and   maybe   it   is   warranted . we   enjoyed   phantom   of   the   opera   while   we   were   there .    parking   is   close   but   expensive   and   around    $  2  0    for   events . get   what   you   pay   for . |0.0	4.0	0.0	0.0
average   stay   at   average   hotel   the   front   desk   at   the   hotel   was   less   than   helpful .    the   one   guy ,    who   seemed   to   be   the   manager ,    was   very   knowledgable   about   the   area   and   very   helpful .    however ,    we   encountered   several   other   desk   attendants   who   were   not   interested   in   helping .    the   breakfast   was   bigger   and   better   than   what   i   expected .    however ,    we   could   hear   the   beeping   from   the   waffle   machine   every   morning   as   we   were   just   two   doors   down   from   the   breakfast   room .    the   hotel   is   located   several   blocks   from   the   seattle   center    ( space   needle )    and   we   really   enjoyed   the   experience   music   project    ( like   a   music   museum )    there .    all   in   all ,    we   got   what   we   paid   for . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
unhappy   customer   i   am   employed   at   a   best   western   and   i   was   dissappointed   with   our   experience   at   the   loyal   inn .  1  )    the   staff   was   very   nice ,    the   room   was   clean .    but .  .  2  )    we   were   very   disappointed   at   the   size   of   our   room   for   five   people .    having   requested   a   room   with   double   queen   beds ,    we   got   what   seemed   like   standard   size   double   beds .     ( room    #     2  1  0  )  3  )    the   parking .  .  . we   were   very   shocked   and   disappointed   to   have   to   have   paid    $  1  0  .  0  0    plus    $  1  .  6  5    parking   tax   to   park   our   car   at   the   motel   we   paid   over    $  1  0  0  .  0  0    to   stay   in !  !  4  )    the   spa   was   very   grossly   dirty !  !    we   wouldn ' t   even   get   in   it   after   seeing   the   slim   and   hair   ring   all   around   it ! we   will   not   recommend   staying   at   this   motel   to   anyone   and   we   will   never   stay   there   again . debbie   dreyer|0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
don ' t   leave   valuables   in   the   room !  !  !    the   hotel   is   clean ,    value   for   money   and   the   breakfast   is   great .    the   location   is   within   walking   distance   with   the   space   needle   and   downtown   sights .    we   would   have   stayed   there   again   but   our   ipod   touch   was   stolen   from   our   room   when   we   were   out   for   dinner .    the   staff   we   reported   it   to   did   not   take   us   seriously   and   simply   said   that   only   our   room   keys   were   used   to   get   into   the   room .    we   only   had   one   key .    if   you   are   to   stay   there   then   use   the   safe   provided   in   the   room   and   don ' t   leave   any   valuables   in   the   room .    we   can ' t   seem   to   prove   anything   so   we   are   left    $  3  0  0    down . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
don ' t   believe   all   the   reviews    !  !    my   husband   and   i   stayed   at   this   hotel   pre -    and   post - cruise .    i   read   some   reviews   of   the   hotel   after   we   had   booked   and   wondered   just   what   kind   of   place   we   were   going   to ,    because   some   of   the   reviews   were   pretty   awful .    i   must   say   that   our   experience   was   just   great    ! yes ,    it   does   have   a   small   lobby ,    but   it   is   clean   and   comfortable   and   the   staff ,    while   young ,    went   out   of   their   way   to   make   us   comfortable   and   get   us   in   a   room   as   quickly   as   they   could .    our   rooms   were   very   clean   and   we   had   no   problems   with   noise   or   disturbances   from   other   guests . my   husband   accidentally   left   our   entire   camera   case   in   the   taxi   that   took   us   to   the   hotel   and   three   different   shifts   of   desk   clerks   made   calls   on   our   behalf   trying   to   get   it   back   for   us .    i   am   pleased   to   say   that   a   wonderful   cab   driver   brought   it   to   us   on   his   day   off   and   got   it   to   us   with   just   minutes   to   spare   before   we   left   for   the   pier . yes ,    the   hotel   is   in   a   somewhat   transitional   neighborhood ,    but   no   one   bothered   us   and   if   you   want   a   great   breakfast    ( at   any   time   of   the   day )    take   a   minute   and   walk   about   a   block   to   the   hurricane   cafe .    they   have   great   food   at   pretty   reasonable   prices . i   would   stay   at   this   hotel   again . |0.0	2.0	0.0	0.0
horrible   and   annoying   be   careful   if   you   are   about   to   book   this   hotel .    the   room   is   ok ,    but   the   location   is   not .    and   we   were   bothered   by   some   people   who   always   complained   to   the   front   desk   that   the   noise   of   our   room   was   too   annoying .    maybe   it   was   just   some   people   here   who   were   not   friendly ,    but   you   can   notice   that   the   front   desk   here   is   quite   offish   and   unfriendly   too . the   first   night   we   set   the   volume   to   normal   level   according   to   our   experience   at   other   hotels    ( san   francisco   and   other   places   right   before   we   came   here )  .    and   somebody   called   front   desk   to   complain   about   the   noise .    alright ,    we   then   made   the   sound   as   unnoticeable   as   possible ,    but   that   guy   knocked   on   the   wall   heavily   when   we   were   about   to   sleep   and   the   tv   was   off ! next   day ,    we   adjusted   the   volume   bar   to   only   one   fifth   of   the   bar ,    but   that   guy   was   still   complaining   by   calling   the   front   desk   and   knocking   on   our   wall .    what ' s   wrong   with   watching   tv   at    9 pm   with   just   a   little   sound ?    maybe   the   wall   is   paper   thin ? the   front   desk   should   come   up   to   solve   the   problem   and   i   actually   asked   the   front   desk   to   do   so .    however ,    he   was   really   offish   and   unhelpful .    really   annoying   and   horrible   experience .    don ' t   come   if   you   wanna   have   a   good   mood   while   traveling . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
disappointing   weekend   at   best   western   loyal   inn ,    seattle   this   hotel   is   on   the   seedy   edge   of   seattle .    check   in   was   ok   and   the   desk   clerk   was   helpful   with   planning   a   city   tour .    upon   entering   the   room   my   friend   and   i   were   barely   able   to   wend   our   way   between   the   overlarge   pieces   of   furniture   and   beds .    the   opening   to   the   dressing   room / closet / vanity   area   was   less   than    2  3  ,    located   directly   off   of   the   entry   area   to   the   room .    there   were   a   total   of   nine   lamps   and   wall   fixtures ,    of   which   only    2    could   be   lighted .    they   offer   a   nice   breakfast ,    included   in   the   price   of   the   room ,    but   the   eating   area   becomes   quite   messy   as   the   morning   passes .    there   seemed   to   be   a   shortage   of   staff ,    at   least   while   we   were   there .    it   was   a   big   football   game   weekend   and   the   hotel   was   at   full   occupancy .    the   bed   linens   were   said   to   be   new ,    but   the   mattress   and   box   springs   were   very   worn   and   shabby .    the   color   scheme   of   the   draperies ,    upholstery   and   bedding   was   disconcerting .    we   wrote   a   letter   to   the   corporate   headquarters   detailing   our   dissatisfaction   and   received   a   quasi   form   letter   explaining   that   they   are   in   the   process   of   redecorating   some   rooms ,    so   the   rooms   might   have   had   both   old   and   new   furniture   in   them .    no   other   excuse   was   given   for   the   lighting   problems .    this   particular   room   should   really   not   have   been   offered   to   guests .    usually   best   western   has   been   quite   satisfactory ,    but   this   occasion   was   not   up   to   their   advertised   standards . |0.0	2.0	0.0	0.0
service   good   but   a   dated   hotel   we   could   only   secure    1    night   at   the   nearby   bw   executive   inn ,    and   for   same   rate   booked   the   next   night   at   bw ' s   loyal   inn   down   the   block .    although   service   staff   did   the   best   they   could ,    once   out   of   the   small   lobby   the   decor   looked   like   it   was   done   by   a    6  0  ' s   tv   set   decorator .    this   bw   subscribes   to   being   green ,    and   is   due   accolades   for   that .    when   we   were   there   was   what   looked   like   a   throng   of   middle - aged   sub - contractors   working   maybe   on   the   massive   construction      development   going   on   in   that   neighborhood .    smoking   cigarettes   and   drinking   beer   from   cans      bottles   did   little   to   embellish   the   hotel ,    although   in   direct   line   of   sight   from   the   desk   staff . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
alright   we   stayed   here   in   mach    0  7    for    4    days .    it   was   my   friends   bday   so   we   had   a   fun   girl   weekend   to   celebrate   her   bday    -    this   was   our   first   trip   to   seattle .    i ' ve   traveled   a   few   times   so   i   have   a   good   idea   of   good      bad .    this   place   was   ok .    nothing   over   the   top    -    but   not   terrible   either .    we   got   a   really   good   deal   going   though   the   hotel   directly   plus   if   you   have   a   bcaa   card   you   get   another   discount .    i   think   we   paid   around    $  1  1  0    per   nioght   which   was   good   in   comparison   to   the   other   hotels   we   looked   at .    the   hotel   it   self   was   older ,    a   bit   outdated ,    but   still   clean .    staff   for   the   most   part   were   friendly ,    but   we   came   across   a   few   duds .  .  . lol .    you   are   about   half   hour   walking   away   from   all   the   good   shopping   downtown ,    and   pike   place      the   space   needle .    i   suggest   the   monorail ,    you   get   on   at   the   soace   centre   that   is   just   down   the   street   from   the   hotel   and   it   takes   you   right   down   town   in   no   time .    i   think   its   around    $  4  .    it   is   very   clean    -    i   was   impressed .    if   you   are   from   bc   or   know   about   our   skytrian    -    it   is   way   cleaner   and   plays   classical   music ,    lol .    the   monorail   is   very   easy   to   use      conveinent .    just   great   after   walking   all   day      shopping .    continental   breakfast   is   included   and   was   very   good    -    toast ,    buns ,    fresh   waffles   makers ,    yogurt ,    coffee ,    juice   and   a   nice   clean   kitchen   on   the   main   floor    -    that   was   very   good .    overall ,    we   had   a   great   time    -    just   dont   expect   a   super   fancy   hotel   because   this   is   not   that ,    but   its   not   horrible   either .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . good   for   travellers   on   a   budget .    there   also   was   a   whole   foods   grocery   store   just   up   the   street      a   japanese   restaurant   just   across   the   street .    i   think   i   covered   it   all . |0.0	2.0	0.0	0.0
a   great   play   to   stay   our   stay   at   the   loyal   inn   was   part   of   a   package   deal   from   hawaiian   airlines .    while   we   were   a   bit   skeptical   about   the   location   and   star   rating ,    we   were   pleasantly   surprised   by   the   facility !    the   staff   were   wonderful ,    rooms / lobby / spa   were   exceptionally   clean ,    the   location   was   out   of   the   touristy   area   so   we   had   no   problem   with   traffic ,    and   there   was   a   great   restaurant    ( shilla )    across   the   street ! |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
ok   for   the   price ,    but   look   elsewhere   the   hotel   was   ok ,    a   little   run   down   with   average   cleanliness ,    but   we   chose   it   for   price   as   seattle   is   quite   expensive .    we   didn ' t   get   the   room / bed   that   we   reserved ,    and   the   staff   was   unhelpful .    best   westerns   used   to   always   have   nice   hotels ,    but   this   one   doesn ' t   fit   that   mold .    we ' ll   choose   a   different   hotel ,    probably   more   expensive ,    the   next   time   we   visit   seattle . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
dingy   and   dank !    don ' t   be   fooled   by   the   other   reviews .    they   must   be   written   by   the   ownership !    this   hotel   is   gross .    every   fabric   surface   of   the   interior   was   stained .    the   beds   were   totally   uncomfortable .    at   first   i   thought   they   had   me   sleeping   directly   on   the   box   spring   mattress !    kids   rented   a   room   across   the   hall   and   were   smoking   marijuana   outside   my   door .    the   smoke   came   into   my   room !    seriously .    i   complained ,    but   they   didn ' t   kick   the   kids   out   for   several   hours .    there   were   bums   climbing   in   the   garbage   cans   outside   the   hotel .    i   selected   the   hotel   because   it   was   reasonably   priced   and   close   to   the   downtown   and   space   needle .    guess   what .    it   ain ' t   that   close !    you ' re   still   about    1  2    blocks   from   the   main   downtown   attractions   and   about    6    blocks   from   the   space   needle .    i   took   a   cab   downtown .    if   your   looking   to   save   money   i   would   suggest   that   you   stay   at   hotel   further   away   from   the   downtown   area   or   pony   up   the   extra   bucks   a   night   and   stay   at   someplace   decent .    seriously !    this   is   not   a   joke .    i   live   in   east   oakland   california   so   i   know   what   bad   conditions   are ,    and   this   place   reminded   me   of   a   cheap   rent   by   the   hour   motel ! |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
wireless   internet - free   breakfast "    i   stayed   here   for   two   nights    ( july    1  7  -  1  8 th    2  0  0  7  )  .    this   was   my   first   trip   to   seattle   so   i   didn ' t   have   a   feel   for   the   city .    i   chose   this   hotel   because   it   was   reasonably   priced (  $  3  1  4    total   with   taxes )    and   on   the   edge   of   downtown .    the   area   has   an   industrial   feel   and   is   contruction   going   on   the   backside   of   the   hotel .    it ; s   across   from   denny   park   buy   i   never   investiagted   the   park .    there   is   a   whole   foods   market   about    3    blocks   away   that   is   open   til    1  0 pm   and   a    2  4    hour   restaurant   called   the   hurrican   cafe    ( with   a   full   bar ) that   is   open    2  4    hours .    not   having   a   car   these   came   in   handy .    there   are   bus   stops   within   a   block   to   downtown    ( about    3    blocks   if   you   want   to   use   the   free   ride   zone )    i   walked   back   from   the   space   needle   once    ( about   a    3  0    minutes   at   a   leisurely   pace )    if   you   are   a   walker   you   can   walk   to   pike ' s   place   and   the   wharf    (    did   it   once   and   i ' m   not   a   big   walker )    it   was   under   a   hour . the   hotel   itself   is    4    stories   with   interior   corridors .    check   in   was   qucik   and   while   my   interactions   with   the   staff   were   minimal ,    they   were   pleasant .    they   also   exchanged   my   hotel   room   card   for   a   new   one   quickly   when   on   the    2 nd   day   it   stopped   working . my   room   on   the   thrid   floor    (  3  0  7  )    was   at   the   end   of   the   hall   next   to   the   stairway    ( with   a   door   propped   open   most   of   the   time )  .    as   a   lone   female ,    i   was   somewhat   concerned   but   it   turned   out   not   to   be   a   problem   and   was   actually   a   nice   alternative   to   waiting   for   the   elevator    .     ( one   negative ,    it   was   next   to   what   appeared   to   be   a   storage   area   and   the   houskeeping   staff   tended   to   congrate   outside   my   door   but   i   got   used   to   it )    i   balanced   it   by   the   fact   that   i   could   go   right   down   the   stairs   to   the   whirlpool   on   the   first   floor   without   going   thru   the   lobby    .    there   is   also   a   sauna   and   small   exercise   room   all   open    2  4    hours   and   only   acceible   by   your   room   key .    the   night   i   used   the   whirlpool ,    i   had   it   to   myself   which   was   wonderful   and   towels   are   provided . the   room   itself   ia   nothing   special    . there   was   one   king - size   bed   which   was   comfortable ,    there   was   also   a   desk   with   two   upholstered   chairs   on   each   side    .    the   tv   was   in   a   cabinet   in   the   corner   with   dresser   drawers   underneath .    i ' m   not   a   major   traveler   but   there   were   two   things   in   the   bathroom   area   i   hadn '  ' t   seen   before .    instaed   of   the   normal   array   of   tolietries ,    there   were   two   dispensers .    one   over   the   bathroom   sink   held   soap   and   lotion .    the   one   in   the   shower   held   shower   gel ,    shanpoo   and   lotion .    water   pressure   was   good   in   shower .    other   amenties   included   coffemaker ,    hair   dryer ,    ironing   board   and   iron . unfortunatley   there   was   no   microwave   or   refrigator   and   i   must   admit   this   is   the   first   hotel   i   have   stayed   in   over    2  0    years   that   didn ' t   have   a   least   one   or   the   other .    there   was   wireless   internet   access   in   the   room   which   my   laptop   logged   onto   with   a   problem   and   i   never   lost   the   connection . the   free   breakfast   was   very   nice   and   included   make   your   own   belgium   waffles .    it   also   has   the   normal   assortment   of   cold   cereal , juices ,    pasteries ,    fruit ,    yogurt ,    hard   boiled   eggs   and   a   toaster   to   use   for   bread   or   bagels .    the   long   lady   overseeing   the   room   keep   everything   well   stocked   and   was   helpful   if   you   had   any   questions . checkout   was   quick   and   they   even   offered   to   call   me   a   cab   but   i   had   already   taken   care   of   it .  . overall   i   had   no   complaints   other   than   my   prefernce   for   a   frig   or   microwave   the   room   was   clean   and   the   window   even   opened   if   you   like   fresh   air .    it ' s   not   luxiourios   and   given   its   off   the   path   location ,    a   perfectly   acceptable   hotel|0.0	3.0	0.0	0.0
great   choice   my   wife   and   i   chose   this   best   western   after   quite   a   bit   of   research .    we   were   looking   for   something   near   or   in   downtown   with   free   parking   and   air   conditioning   since   she ' s   pregnant   and   it   was   hot .    the   location   was   very   good    ( close   to   the   space   needle   and   seattle   offers   free   bus   rides   in   downtown   area )  ,    the   free   wireless   was   nice ,    and   the   continental   breakfast   is   pretty   impressive .    the   room   is   spacious   enough ,    the   bed   was   fairly   comfortable   with   good   pillows ,    and   the   shower   had   hot   water   and   good   pressure .    the   only   complaints   i   might   have   had   would   be   the   front   desk ;    aside   from   john   c .    they   weren ' t   much   help .    much   of   the   front   desk   staff   consisted   of   young   people   who   mean   well   enough   but   don ' t   have   the   social   skills   or   confidence   to   answer   good   tourist   questions .    also ,    i   had   to   negotiate   for   free   parking   since   i   was   told   that   was   offered   over   the   phone .    they   were   nice   and   cooperative   about   the   parking   issue .    on   the   whole ,    this   is   a   great   value    -  -    we   get   up   and   get   going   and   this   place   offers   what   one   needs   to   do   that   for   a   good ,    big   city   price .    on   a   side   note ,    we   found   the   golden   singha   thai   restaurant   on   cedar    ( short   walk   towards   central   downtown   and   the   needle )    to   be   excellent   food   for    $  8     ( dinner )  . |0.0	2.0	0.0	0.0
great   value   for   the   money   got   this   room   for    $  5  0    on   priceline .    needed   a   hotel   for   a   pre - cruise   and   post - cruise   stay . the   location   was   a   little   iffy .    we   walked   by   some   people   that   made   us   feel   unsafe .    i   would   not   walk   around   as   a   single   or   couple   after   dark   here .    lots   of   homeless   and   seedy   characters   in   the   downtown   area . the   hotel   itself   was   fine .    we   detected   a   musty   odor   in   the   rooms   on   our   first   visit .    a   little   street   noise ,    not   too   bad .    no   smell   in   the   room   on   the   second   stay .    the   rooms   were   clean ,    if   not   a   little   dated   looking .    bathroom   was   also   clean . we   tried   the   hot   tub   and   gym   on   the   lobby   floor   and   they   also   were   clean .    the   gym   had    2    machines ,    i   think ,    very   small . the   free   breakfast   was   great :    fresh   fruit ,    yogurts ,    pastries ,    muffins ,    bagels ,    bread   for   toasting ,    waffle   irons ,    coffee ,    tea ,    milk ,    etc .    we   took   afvantage   of   breakfast   every   day . there   is   a   whole   foods   mkt   closeby   that   has   lots   of   meal   selections .    we   ate   lunch   at   the   korean   place   across   the   street ,    it   was   good .    we   also   had   dinner   at   two   bells   tavern   and   it   was   great !    voted   best   burgers   in   seattle .    we   also   had   pizza   delivered   from   paggliaci ' s   and   it   was   surprisingly   good   to   us   finicky   nyers . we   were   close   to   the   space   needle   and   it   took   us   about    2  0    minutes   to   walk   to   pikes   market . the   front   desk   staff   was   very   accomodating   and   helped   us   with   transportation   and   took   care   of   our   luggage   when   we   could   not   check   in   early . note   that   this   is   a   completely   non - smoking   hotel   and   you   sign   a   waiver   stating   that   you   will   be   charged    $  2  5  0    if   you   smoke   in   your   room .    there   even   is   a   sign   outside   that   you   cannot   smoke   within    1  0  0    ft   of   the   building . all   in   all ,    a   good   value   for   the   price .    gotta   love   that   free   breakfast ! |0.0	6.0	0.0	0.0
great   value ,    great   customer   service   i   usually   stay   at    4        5    star   hotels ,    but   decided   to   try   this   best   western   given   its   positive   reviews ,    location ,    and   good   price .    i   was   very   impressed   with   the   friendly      helpful   front   desk   staff ,    the   functionality   and   cleanliness   of   the   room ,    the   great   location ,    and   the   free   breakfast   in   the   mornings .    the   room   was   sparsely   decorated ,    very   simple ,    but   always   clean ,    with   a   safe   that   fits   a   laptop ,    a   small   fridge   and   a   microwave   that   is   great   for   leftovers .    there   is   a   good   sushi   place   across   the   street .    it ' s   not   luxurious   by   any   stretch   but   well   worth   the   money .    i   would   definitely   stay   here   again   if   i   was   on   a   budget . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
good   bed ,    clean ,    convenient   just   one   night   but   i   was   very   happy   with   my   stay   at   this   hotel .    the   clerks ,    evening   and   morning   were   very   courteous   and   helpful .    the   bed   was   comfortable .    the   room   was   clean   and   comfortable .    the   location   was   good .    it   was   an   easy   walk   to   the   trade   and   convention   center   downtown . i   left   the   window   open   at   night   both   for   air   and   to   hear   traffic   noise    ( there   was   not   a   lot   of   traffic   noise )  .    traffic   noise   is   a   lot   like   listening   to   the   ocean   washing   up   on   a   beach . noise   was   not   an   issue   at   this   hotel .    there   wasn ' t   any   bar   music   or   noisy   people   disturbance   at   all . i   will   definitely   stay   at   this   hotel   when   i   go   back   to   seattle . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
fine   for   the   low   price   staff   were   always   helpful   and   very   courteous . there   is   a   whole   foods   market   about   a   block   and    1  /  2    away ,    which   has   a   deli ,    prepared   foods ,    a   japanese   quick - order   diner ,     - just   about   anything   to   get   a   decent   meal .    the   area   looks   vacant   but   i   was   able   to   walk   around   the   area   at   night   and   still   feel   safe .    you   just   have   to   know   where   you   are   going .    walking   to   the   convention   center ,    pike   place   market   was   about    1  5  -  2  0    minutes .    very   nice   walk   with   lots   of   restaurants   and   shops   along   the   way . busline   is   nearby   and   free   until    7 pm ,    otherwise    $  1  .  2  5  .    loved   the   wi - fi   access . room   was   decent .    bed   was   firm ,    what   i   prefer . refrigerator   and   microwave   were   great   for   leftovers .    again ,    staff   was   able   to   provide   utensils   for   my   late - night   eatings .    thanks .    complimentary   breakfast   was   awesome .    always   on   time   and   a   good   variety   too   choose   from . would   stay   here   again . |0.0	3.0	0.0	0.0
there ' s   much   better   than   this   in   the   same   price   range   nice   lobby ,    but   rest   of   hotel   was   horribly   outdated   and   worn - out / tired .    rooms   were   tiny .    would   not   stay   here   again . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
a   lot   of   bang   for   the   buck ;    vg   value / location / amenities   i ' m   a   repeat   customer   of   the   bw   loyal .    booked   via    -  -  -  . com .    when   the   internet   price   had   dropped   between   my   online   booking   and   arrival ,    i   telephoned   and   jacob   honored   the   lower   price .    also   used   that   advance   phone   call   to   verify    2    people   with   lots   of   luggage   needed   two   beds .    all   rooms   are   non - smoking .    our   clean   room    4  2  2    was   on   the   quiet    ( er )    side   of   the   building ,    facing   the   alley   and   not   denny   way .    it   was   average   size ,    had    2    upholstered   chairs ,     1    square   table ,     2    luggage   racks ,    the   compact   flourescent   bulbs   in   the    3    lamps   gave   off   more   than   adequate   bright   white   light ,    bathroom   sink   in   alcove   separate   from   room   with   tub / toilet .    continental   breakfast ,    free   local   calls ,    free   local   shuttle ,    jacuzzi ,    on   bus   line .    great   location   north   of    ( and   away   from )    the   downtown   skyscrapers ;    gives   a   sense   of   breathing   room   with   the   city   park   across   the   street .    my   previous   stay ,    nov    0  5  ,    was   in   a   kingsize   room   with   wetbar ,    refrig / mw    .    for   well   under    $  1  0  0  / night   in   the   off - season ,    when   their   nicer   rooms   are   certainly   available ,    this   bw   loyal   is   my   choice   over   anything   priceline   has   ever   put   me   in .    and   there   is   now   a   whole   foods   market   a   block   away    ! |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
worth   the   price   you   pay   for    :  )    great   location    (  1  0    mins   walking   to   nordstrom   and   downtown   seattle   shopping   area   as   well   as   space   needle ) freebie : parking ,    wireless   internet ,    local   calls ,    shuttle   bus   take   you   from   and   to   hotel    @     7 am -  1  1 pm   by   calling   driver   directly ,    and   most   importantly ,    a   true   continental   breakfast      i   love   the   yogurt   and   fresh      hot   waffle   and   many   other   foodclean   hotel   inside   and   outside   and   parking   space   is   good   enough   to   easily   fit   with   suv   and   it ' s   located   on   the   ground   leveldownside :    no   swimming   pool   or   fitness   center   to   exerciseoverall ,    i   would   definitely   stay   again   with    $  1  1  3    us   including   tax    :  )    for   me   and   my   friends|0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
this   was   really   good !                      waiting   for   the   taxi   on   day   of   departure|0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
good   value   nice   basic   hotel ,    older   furnishings   but   clean .    good - sized   room .    the   bathroom   was   well - stocked .    staff   were   friendly   and   helpful .    enjoyed   the   convenience   of   being   able   to   walk   to   seattle   center   and   other   attractions .    really   liked   the   free   shuttle   service   to   wherever   we   needed   to   go    ( great   if   you   don ' t   want   to   walk   in   the   heat !  )  .    free   breakfast   was   also   adequate    -    lots   of   choices    -    muffins ,    bagels ,    danish ,    cereal ,    yogurt ,    waffles .    just   a   bit   disappointed   that   the   breakfast   room   looked   more   like   a   hospital   waiting   room    -    definitely   no   frills   with   that   one !    for   what   it ' s   worth ,    we   wouldn ' t   hesitate   to   stay   there   again . |0.0	2.0	0.0	0.0
ok   to   sleep   and   shower   if   you   are   looking   for   a   resonably   priced   and   clean   place   to   just   sleep   and   shower ,    then   this   is   it .    the   location   for   walking   is   good   only   for   the   space   needle   about    1  0    minutes   away .    for   downtown   and   the   pier   restaurants   and   shops   you   will   need   to   drive    -    but   we   found   the   parking   easy   to   find   and   the   meters   reasonable .    anthonys   for   one   will   validate   your   parking   and   at   night   has   free   valet ,    so   we   did   not   have   a   problem   being   away   from   downtown   to   stay .    the   staff   was   very   friendly ,    the   use   of   the   internet   free ,    and   the   free   breakfast   of   waffles ,    cereal   and   rolls   made   it   a   good   place   to   stay .    the   room   was   comfy ,    clean   and   the   hot   water   plentiful .    for   what   it   is   we   would   not   hesitate   to   stay   here   again    -    but   it   is   not   for   the   person   who   plans   on   spending   a   lot   of   time   in   the   room .    but   then   it   is   only    $  1  5  0    a   night   instead   of    $  2  5  0  +  ,    savings   we   used   to   pay   for   dinner   at   the   nice   restaurants   including   sky   high   at   the   space   needle . |0.0	2.0	0.0	0.0
will   not   stay   again   firstly   we   booked   it   online   and   had   mentioned   we   needed   two   double   beds .    when   we   arrived   they   gave   us   a   queen   size   bed   for   the   three   of   us   and   said   that   when   you   book   it   through   on - line   you   get   whatever   they   give   you .    fortunately   we   were   able   to   switch   it   and   the   front   desk   staff   were   great .    it   was   close   enough   to   walk   everywhere   which   we   enjoyed .    unfortunately   our   room   was   the   last   room   closest   to   denny   way    -    stayed   awake   all   night   listening   to   traffic   and   sirens .    must   say   though   the   continental   breakfast   was   excellent .    next   time   though   i   will   pay   a   little   more   and   stay   in   a   quieter   street . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
no   problems   i ' ve   stayed   here   a   couple   of   different   times   and   each   time   the   stay   has   been   good . they   do   allow   medium   sized   pets   in   this   hotel   and   there   were   two   in   a   nearby   room   on   saturday   night   and   they   barked   for   about    1  0    or    1  5    minutes   and   then   were   quiet   the   rest   of   the   night . wireless   internet   in   all   rooms   for   free   and   free   parking . breakfast   was   ok .    self - make   waffles ,    toast ,    bagels ,    cereals ,    juices ,    coffee ,    assorted   pastries .    lots   of   room   to   sit . i ' d   stay   here   again   for   the   right   price .    i   got   it   for    $  6  9    a   night . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
you   get   what   you   pay   for !    keep   the   subject   line   in   mind   when   thinking   about   booking   this   hotel .    i   hope   other   people   have   had   great   experiences   as   seattle   is   so   great   but   that   was   not   my   experience .    i   booked   a   non   smoking   room   because ,    yes ,    us   difficult   californians   don ' t   like   the   smell   of   smoke .    my   room   reaked   of   smoke .    obviously ,    the   people   who   stayed   there   before   probably   smoked   in   the   room   every   day .    the   manager ,    although   understanding ,    said   we   can ' t   control   that ,    and   we   have   no   other   room   to   give   you .     ( which   was   true   in   august   in   seattle .  )    the   next   day ,    the   electric   on   one   wall   went   out   and   i   was   left   with   no   reading   lights .    i   was   informed   that   there   was   nothing   they   could   do   about   this   until   monday   but   on   sunday   the   lights   did   come   back   on .    yes ,    they   did   give   me   a   small   discount   but   that   was   not   the   point .    when   i   go   to   a   city   a   don ' t   want   to   have   conflict   regarding   my   room .    the   kids   at   the   front   desk   were   very   nice   but   they   didn ' t   know   what   to   do .    anyway ,    not   all   best   westerns   are   bad   but   it   really   depends   on   the   individual   owner .    if   you   have   the   money   stay   at   the   westins   as   they   offer   a   very   consistent   level   of   room   and   service .    this   makes   your   stay   so   much   nicer .    i ' ve   learned   my   lesson . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
very   impressed   would   stay   again !    rooms   are   simple   but   comfortable ,    who   cares   if   it ' s   a   bit   dated   it ' s   excellent   value   for   money .    very   close   to   down   town ,    space   needle   and   loads   of   great   restaurants !    breakfast   is   good   and   the   staff   are   exceptional   and   very   helpful .    free   wireless   internet   in   room ,    newspaper ,    parking   etc   etc   it ' s   very   good   value   will   definitely   stay   here   again   if   in   seattle . |0.0	2.0	0.0	0.0
out   of   the   way   hotel   was   a   bit   dated   and   had   a   musty   smell ,    but   was   ok ,    aircon   was   individual   units   and   chugged   on   and   off   all   night ,    the   hotel   is   a   bit   out   of   the   city ,    closer   to   the   space   needle   than   anything   else .    breakfast   was   good   and   staff   were   mostly   friendly .     ( note :    if   you   intended   to   get   around   via   the   monorail ,    it   isn ' t   working ) next   time   would   stay   closer   into   the   town   or   bay   area . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
gutes   hotel   in   眉bler   lage         showreview (  1  4  7  3  4  4  6  3  ,     ' full '  )  ; |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
incontournable         showreview (  1  1  6  6  3  0  8  8  ,     ' full '  )  ; |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
鏂欓噾銇  惈銇俱倢銇 ︺ 亜銈嬫湞 .  .  .          showreview (  2  1  8  0  1  8  7  5  ,     ' full '  )  ; |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
瀹夈亸銇婂緱銇  硦銇俱倠锛堜笂绱氳 € 呭悜銇戯級         showreview (  1  9  1  5  8  3  0  4  ,     ' full '  )  ; |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
