old   seattle   getaway   this   was   old   world   excellence   at   it ' s   best . this   is   the   place   to   stay   at   when   visiting   the   historical   area   of   seattle .    your   right   on   the   water   front   near   the   ferry ' s   and   great   sea   food   restraunts , and   still   with ' in   walking   distance   for   great   blues   and   jazz   music .    the   staff   for   this   hotel   are   excellent , they   make   you   feel   right   at   home .    the   breakfast   was   great . we   did ' nt   have   to   travel   far   to   have   a   good   cup   of   joe   and   a   light   meal   to   start   our   adventurous   day   off   into   one   of   the   most   beautifull   city ' s   in   america .    this   hotel   is   in   an   area   that   makes   it   easy   to   get   to   any   place   you   want   to   go   and   still   find   your   way   back ,    i   highly   recomend   this   hotel   for   your   next   visit   to   seattle . |0.0	2.0	0.0	0.0
location !    location ?                      view   from   room   of   nearby   freeway|0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
wow ,    what   charm !    as   a   travel   agent ,    i ' ve   stayed   at   quite   a   few   hotel ,    but   this   is   the   only   historic   hotel   so   far .  .  .       i   loved   it !    had   to   go   back   for   a   personal   stay .    the   decor   is   beautiful ,    the   lobby   furniture   fits   the   time   period      is   still   comfy .    the   city   view   rooms   are   great    -    love   the   little   balconies .    great   breakfast ,    nice   people ,    great   location    -    the   seattle   underground   tours   is   a    1  /  2    block   away .    i ' ve   aready   sent   my   folk   there   for   a   stay      have   told   others . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
great   location   for   sporting   events   we   attend   seahawks   and   mariners   games   and   this   hotel   is   within   walking   distance   of   both .    it   is    2    blocks   from   the   washington   state   ferry   terminal   so   we   can   walk   across   the   ferry   and   walk   directly   to   the   hotel .    the   hotel   staff   is   always   friendly ,    rooms   are   very   clean   and   the   free   breakfast   is   a   real   money   saver .    much   more   variety   than   most   and   they   just   added   a   new   waflfe   station .    highly   recommend   this   hotel . marilyn   j . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
pioneer   square   bw   fine   choice   we   chose   bw   pioneer   square   in   seattle   because   it   was   the   closest   to   the   amtrak   station   and   we   had   a   one   night   layover   between   trains .    turns   out   it   was   a   fine   choice   for   other   reasons ,    too .    it ' s   a   charming   old   building   at   the   epicenter   of   old   seattle ,    as   the   name   implies .    my   morning   walk   took   me   to   pioneer   square   itself   and   to   the   seattle   city   hall ,    both   within   three   blocks .    the   docks   and   puget   sound   are   a   block   away ,    and   it ' s   an   easy   walk   to   pike   street   market .    rooms   are   big   and   nicely   renovated .    ours   had   a   balcony   on   the   street   with   a   lovely   view   of   a   full   moon ,    though   i   know   they   can ' t   always   provide   that .    the   staff   was   friendly   and   knowledgable ,    the   free   breakfast   and   free   bowl   of   fruit   welcome   and   good .    fine   place . mac   nelson / joyce   haines|0.0	2.0	0.0	0.0
quality   hotel   at   great   price   very   clean .    free   breakfast   with   good   selections .    staff   friendly   and   most   helpful .    a   grat   stay ! |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
comfortable ,    good   value ,    convenient   location   the   pioneer   square   is   a   pleasant   smallish   hotel   in   an   interesting   corner   of   seattle .    comfortable   rooms   and   bathroom ,    if   oddly   shaped   and   not   very   large ,    which   were   fine   for   a   short   stay .    the   breakfasts   are   limited   but   acceptable   and   the   breakfast   room   is   enlivened   by   the   sight   of   fellow   guests   attempting   to   work   out   the   waffle   maker .    pleasant   staff   and   reception ,    apparantly   family   run   and   up   to   the   usual   best   western   standards ,    clean   and   well   appointed . several   restaurants   nearby   but   we   suggest   avoiding   the   closest ,    al   boccalino ,    a   rather   pretentious   but   unexceptional   italian    3    or    4    doors   away .    expensive   for   what   you   get ;    we   were   told   very   offhandedly   that   they   had   no   washington   wines .    we   are   an   italian   restaurant !    at    $  6  0    to    $  1  0  0    for   bottles   one   would   pay   no   more   than   拢 1  0    for   in   a   uk   off   licence -    forget   it . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
warm   hospitality   on   a   rainy   seattle   night   we   had   just   arrived   in   downtown   seattle   after   debarking   from   the   bremerton   ferry   during   the   evening   rush   hour .    negotiating   traffic   in   the   rain   was   somewhat   nerve - racking ,    so   when   we   entered   the   hotel   lobby ,    we   probably   looked   bedraggled .    the   desk   clerk   immediately   assessed   our   mental   state ,    giving   us   a   warm   welcome   and   attending   to   the   details   of   checking   us   in   efficient   order .    our   room   was   wonderful ,    combining   modern   amenities   with   pioneer   square   ambiance .    we   will   definitely   be   coming   back   to   the   pioneer   square   hotel ! |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
pleasant   stay   this   is   an   old   hotel   in   the   original   part   of   seattle .    therefore ,    rooms   are   a   little   small .    however ,    this   also   makes   the   location   a   great   one   for   history   and   ambience .    above   all ,    though ,    was   the   great   personnel   in   the   hotel    -    at   the   desk ,    in   the   breakfast   room ,    at   the   concierge   station .    extremely   pleasant   and   helpful   with   accommodations   and   recommendations .    the   hotel   is   also   across   the   street   from   the   water   and   down   two   blocks   from   the   underground   bus   station .    very   convenient ;    very   nice . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
regular   guest    -    happy   to   recommend   this   one !    for   almost    2    years    -    almost   on   a   weekly   basis   work   takes   me   to   downtown   seattle   and   i   always   stay   at   the   best   western   pioneer   square .    only   a   few   blocks   from   safeco   and   quest   field ,    pikes   place   market ;    a   block   to   the   water   and    6    blocks   to   the   international   district   for   an   incredible   selection   of   authentic   asian   restaurants .    the   hotel   itself   is   a   wonderfully   restored   victorian   with   a   great   selection   of   rooms   and   budgets .    having   stayed   here   close   to   a    1  0  0    nights   in    2    years    -    always   met   with   a   friendly   and   helpful   staff    ( this   is   a   big   deal   to   me )  ,    clean   and   comfortable   rooms   and   a   great   continental   breakfast   in   the   morning    -    i   am   happy   to   recommend   this   hotel .    bring   your   walking   shoes   and   enjoy   a   couple   of   vacation   days   right   here   in   the   middle   of   everything    -    you ' ll   be   glad   you   did .    last   note :    if   you ' re   looking   for   a   hotel   with   a   pool ,    jacuzzi ,    exercise   facilities   and   family   entertainment   within   the   hotel    -    this   is   not   the   place   for   you . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
 " like   grandma ' s   house   with   victorian   overtones "    this   small   hotel   is   one   we   have   been   to   several   times   now   and   it   feels   almost   like   home .    it   is   more   comfortable   and   familiar   than   up - to - date   and   trendy .    a   little   like   going   to   grandma ' s   house ,    with   victorian   overtones ,    and   the   capacity   to   accommodate   all   your   family   and   friends   and   be   there   for   all   your   needs ,    including   the   warmth   that   goes   with   it . the   breakfast   that   is   available   in   the   hotel   is   certainly   adequate   and   right   there   when   you   need   it .    the   location   is   great   for   doing   a   little   roaming   around   in   the   historic   and   sports   districts   and   the   parking   is   very   convenient   and   reasonably   priced .    i   would   certainly   go   again . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
location   is   just   one   feature   here   we   had   four   great   days   here   recently    -    location   is   fantastic   given   that   there   is   so   much   within   walking   distance    ( including   stadia   and   railway   station )  ,    and   if   it   rains    ( which   is   does   here )    transit   is   free   in   a   large   zone   of   downtown .    front   desk   staff   could   not   have   been   more   helpful   and   have   a   sense   of   humour ,    the   concierge   knew   the   answers   to   the   questions   we   had ,    and   the   room   was   quiet   and   clean   and   comfortable .    we   will   return .  .  .  . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
wonderful   restoration   a   restored   hotel   in   the   pioneer   square   section   of   seattle ,    this   little   gem   was   delightful .    rooms   are   small ,    but   clean   and   tasteful .    the   only   thing   better   was   the   hotel   staff !    they   were   extremely   helpful ,    professional   and   knowledgeable   about   the   area .    all   their   recommendations   were   on   the   mark ! would   definitely   return ! |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
love   the   feeling   of   coming   home   we   have   called   this   hotel   home   for    3  -  4    nights   once   a   year   for   the   past   five   years .    the   staff   is   wonderful ,    the   rooms   are   clean ,    and   the   breakfast   is   great .    no   views   but   we   stay   on   the   go   so   much   that   who   cares .    you   can   walk   to   safeco   for   ballgames ,    walk   to   pike   market ,    the   art   museum ,    the   library ,    three   book   stores ,    and   you   are   right   on   the   waterfront .    i   recommend   it   highly   and   look   forward   to   more   stays . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
great   hotel ,    prime   location   my   husband   and   i   spent    3    nights   at   the   best   western   pioneer   square   hotel   and   it   was   great .    the   hotel   is   a   very   old   one   that   has   been   completely   remodeled   and   is   just   beautiful .    the   people   who   work   there   were   very   friendly   and   extremely   helpful .    the   rooms   were   nice ,    large ,    clean   and   inviting .    every   night   the   staff   came   by   and   offered   more   towels ,    turned   down   your   bed   and   put   candy   on   the   pillows .    the   location ,    in   pioneer   square ,    was   fantastic .    you   walk   up   half   a   block   and   catch   a   free   bus   to   anywhere ,    walk   down   a   block   to   the   waterfront   and   catch   the   ferry   to   one   of   the   islands .    it   was   so   easy   to   get   around   that   we   didn ' t   bother   to   rent   a   car .    we   definitely   enjoyed   our   stay   and   would   stay   there   again   and   would   recommend   it   to   anyone . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
great   experience   my   husband   and   i   just   returned   from   our   first   trip   to   seattle   and   couldn ' t   be   more   happy   with   our   experience   at   this   hotel .    the   location   is   perfect ,    walking   distance   to   many   areas   of   the   city .    even   though   it   is   in   the   oldest   part ,    many   would   call   if   one   of   the   most   colorful   areas   of   seattle ,    we   loved   it .    the   hotel   has   been   completely   renovated   and   you   feel   the   history   all   around   you   from   the   decor   to   the   architecture .    although   you   are   very   close   to   a   main   hiway   running   through   the   city ,    the   noise   level   in   our   room   was   minimal   and   it   was   not   a   problem   to   us   at   all .    you   must   remember   this   is   a   city   not   the   burbs !  !    it   is   the   only   hotel   in   pioneer   square   and   i   can ' t   wait   to   return   someday . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
great   hotel   for   a   low   price   and   fantastic   location   i   stayed   at   the   best   western   pioneer   square   for   two   nights   last   month ,    and   was   very   impressed .    it   was   close   to   safeco   field   and   the   other   attractions   in   the   area   as   well   as   the   best   continental   breakfast   i ' ve   ever   had   at   a   hotel .    great   selection   and   quality   items   to   select   from .    staff   was   friendly   and   helpful   with   directions   and   bus   routes    ( one   of   the   stops   for   the   bus   to / from   sea - tac   is   only   a   few   blocks   away )  .    rooms   were   very   clean   and   comfortable .    i   didn ' t   get   any   discounts   on   the   room ,    but   it   was   still   a   great   deal   compared   to   what   other   hotels   in   downtown   were   charging . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
immaculate ,    vintage   hotel   with   personable   staff -  - worth   the   price   this   impeccably - restored ,     1  8  8  0  ' s   era   hotel   is   clean   and   quiet   and   wonderfully   located   in   a   popular   historic   district   near   the   waterfront .    our   train   was   delayed   and   the   night   desk   clerk   cheerfully   greeted   us   at    3    am   and   even   held   the   door   for   us .    the   breakfast ,    including   hard - boiled   eggs ,    various   cereals   and   fresh   batter   with   waffle - maker ,    was   delicious .    it   is   a   bit   pricey   but   we   would   stay   there   again   in   a   heartbeat   and   recommend   it   highly . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
noisey   hotel   noisey .    we   complained      the   front   desk   offered   an   upgrade   for   additional    $  5  0    a   night .    room   was   suppose   to   be   a   queen ,    but   was   actually   a   full .    we   booked   directly   thru   hotel ,    not   priceline   or   hotels . com .    great   location .    clean ,    but   don ' t   expect   a   good   nights   rest ! |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
great   place   to   stay   this   hotel   was   a   great   place   to   stay .    the   rooms   were   very   clean .    and   the   staff   very   friendly   and   helpful .    its   location   is   ideal   to   see   seattle .    the   sports   stadiums   are   a    1  0    walk   or   walking   to   pikes   market   is   a    1  5  -  2  0    walk   or   you   can   take   the   tram .    i   have   stayed   at   this   hotel   several   times   and   plan   on   staying   there   again . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
great   location   rooms   were   super   clean   with   excellant   mattress '    and   pillows .    quiet   accomadations   with   a   lovely   shower / tub   combination .    the   continental   breakfast   had   an   extremely   large   variety   of   options   and   everything   was   temperature   correct .    i   would   recommend   this   hotel   to   anyone   traveling   in   the   area .    we   stayed   here   because   we   were   going   on   a   cruise .    this   location   was   very   close   to   all   downtown   seattle   sights   and   to   the   cruise   line   location .    parking   garage   was   close   by   and   well   guarded . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
perfectly   at   peace   in   seattle   at   pioneer   square   we   stayed    3    days ,     2    nights   in   august .    the   location   was   perfect .    the   room   was   spacious .    the   front   desk   clerks   were   exceptionally   helpful   and   kind .    i   would   love   to   go   back   to   seattle   just   to   stay   here   again . kaycalifornia|0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
perfect   after   an   alaskan   cruise   the   perfect   stop   after   an   alaskan   cruise   on   ncl .    took   all   the   hassle   out   of   getting   home .    they   had   a   computer   for   pre - boarding   on   swa .    we   got   into   our   room   early   and   were   able   to   enjoy   seattle   on   foot   before   our   flight   out   the   next   day . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
great   hotel   the   rooms   were   on   the   large   side    ,    but   unfortunately   no   view .    it   was   a   nice   touch   to   have   mints ,    apples   and    2    bottles   of   water   waiting   in   the   room   when   we   arrived ,    very   nice   touch .    the   breakfast   room   was   to   small   and   very   crowded   so   we   did   not   stay   to   have   breakfast   at   the   hotel .    is   centrally   locacated   and   short   walk   to   almost   anywhere   you   want   to   be   in   downtown   seattle . |0.0	-1.0	0.0	0.0
fabulous   hotel   my   husband   and   i   just   spent    6    nights   in   this   hotel   and   loved   every   minute .    the   staff   is   friendly   and   efficient .    we   stayed   for    4    nights ,    left   to   go   to   victoria   bc ,    then   came   back   for    2    more   nights .    the   hotel   has   old   world   charm .    the   room   decor   is   very   well   done    -    down   to   the   drapery ,    carpet   and   nice   artwork   on   the   walls .    the   bathrooms   are   modern   and   nicely   sized .    the   beds   were   very   comfortable .    the   rooms   and   bathrooms   were   spotless .    the   linens   were   fresh   and   spotless   as   well .    the   fresh   fruit   and   free   bottled   water   was   a   nice   touch   and   very   much   appreciated .    the   breakfast   room   was   clean   and   always   stocked   with   the   daily   offerings .    the   coffee   was   good   and   the   waffles   were   addicting .    even   the   elevator   was   fast   and   roomy .    you   don ' t   realize   how   much   you   appreciate   that   until   you   go   to   another   hotel   where   the   elevators   are   sloooooow   and   tiny    ( as   they   were   in   our   victoria   bc   hotel )  .    the   pioneer   square   area   is   lively   and   exciting   with   lots   of   little   shops   and   restaurants .    we   walked   around   the   area   at   night   and   didn ' t   feel   unsafe .    other   people   mentioned   street   people   as   problematic .    this   is   a   fact   of   life   in   any   large   city ,    but   none   of   the   street   people   were   aggressive   or   abusive .    just   a   block   away ,    they   offer   a   tour   of   seattle   underground   which   was   interesting .    pizza   at   mario ' s   was   delicious .    dinner   at   elliott ' s   oyster   house   at   pier    5  6    was   wonderful .    we   found   seattle   to   be   a   great   city   with   friendly   people   who   are   helpful   and   polite   to   tourists .    we   hope   to   visit   again   some   day   and   when   we   do ,    we   will   again   stay   at   the   best   western   pioneer   square   hotel . |0.0	2.0	0.0	0.0
very   disapointed   my   first   time   to   the   west   coast   and   i   had   to   pick   this   property ?    very   average   all   the   way   the   way !    the   noise   level   at   night   from   my   neighbors   was   way   too   loud .    the   service   was   slow   and   the   room   had   a   funny   smell .    the   staff   made   me   feel   like   an   unwelcome   visitor   not   a   special   guest .    no   wifi   service   although   they   advertise   there   is ?    this   not   a   good   best   western    -    to   bad   seatle   is   very   nice . ab|0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
perfect   location ,    great   hotel   we   stayed   at   the   best   western   pioneer   square   for    2    nights   prior   to   our   alaskan   cruise .    this   was   a   family   reunion   of   sorts ,    and   the   hotel   was   wonderful   in   working   with   us   to   get    6    rooms   with   the   set   up   needed   for   each   family   and   all   together   on   one   floor   of   the   hotel .    hotel   staff   very   nice   to   work   with . this   is   a   perfect   location   for   walking   around   downtown   seattle   and   the   waterfront .    very   easy   walking   to   pike   street   market ,    the   waterfront ,    etc .    hotel   very   kindly   arranged   taxi   van   service   for   all   of   us   on   the   morning   we   needed   to   get   to   the   pier   with   all   of   our   luggage . rooms   are   small   compared   to   some   other   hotels ,    but   very   clean   and   nice .    free   continental   breakfast   was   nice .    there   was   juice ,    coffee ,    cereals ,    milk ,    danish ,    bagels ,    toast ,    boiled   eggs ,    etc . great   price   and   great   location ,    we   will   stay   here   on   our   next   trip   to   seattle . |0.0	2.0	0.0	0.0
great   hotel   this   is   an   old   hotel   but   totally   renovated .    we   reserved   a   small   room   with   two   single   beds   but   were   upgraded   to   a   deluxe   room .    we   were   in   a   corner   room   with   a   view   of   the   puget   sound .    the   rooms   were   clean   and   the   desk   personnel   were   great   and   very   helpful   for   touring .    it   is   very   short   walk   to   the   water   front   area .    there   are   several   great   restaurants   within   walking   distance . a   great   place   to   stay   in   seattle . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
great   location   we   stayed   here   for   a   girls '    trip   in   a   standard   double   double .    the   hotel   is   well   located ,    across   from   the   ferry   docks ,    and   within   walking   distance   to   public   transportation .    the   rooms   are   small ,    and   the   view   from   our   window   was   not   great .    but   the   staff   was   wonderful   and   the   continental   breakfast   in   the   morning   with   eggs ,    yogurt ,    oatmeal ,    toast   and   muffins ,    fruit ,    etc .    filled   us   up .    we   spent   three   nights   here   and   had   a   wonderful   time .    i   would   not   recommend   this   hotel   for   a   big   group   or   family ,    since   the   public   spaces   tend   on   the   small   side .    nice   get   away   for   singles   or   couples   trips . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
this   is   definitely   not   a    " skid   row "    hotel !  !  !    this   is   a   very   old   and   colorful   area .    yesler   way   where   this   hotel   is   location   is   on   the   original   skid   row .    this   was   orginally   a   muddy   road   that   logs   were   dragged    ( skidded )    up   to   get   to   yesler ' s   mill .    thus ,    the   term   skid   row   was   was   given   to   this   area .    loggers   and   millworkers   being   lonely   at   times   liked   to   frequent   the   business   that   sprung   up   around   this   area .    they   also   got   a   bit   thirsty !  !  !    i   previously   lived   in   seattle   for   about    1  5    years .    i   rode   or   walked   by   the   hotel   several   times   and   never   gave   it   a   thought .    was   looking   for   a   hotel   close   to   the   train   station ,    by   the   bus   stop ,    and   close   to   the   waterfront .    you   step   out   the   door   of   the   hotel   and   turn   left   walk   about   a   block   and   your   at   the   ferry   terminal   on   the   waterfront .    you   walk   out   the   hotel   door   and   practically   next   door   is   the   bus   stop   for   free   bus   service   within   the   downtown   core .    the   klondike   gold   rush   museum   is   also   in   the   area .    they   sometimes   offer   free   walking   tours   that   include   a   trip   to   the   top   of   the   smith   tower    ( originally   the   tallest   building   on   the   west   coast )  .    if   you   walk   north   up    1 st   ave   about    6  -  7    blocks      at   the   seattle   art   museum    ( sam )    and   the   pike   place   market .    the   rooms   were   small ,    but   the   hotel   was   built   in   the   early    1  9  0  0  .    the   room   was   immaculate ,    and   because   of   something   we   were   given   an   upgrade   to   a   deluxe   room   with   city   view .    we   got   in   about    9 pm   and   walked   to   the   waterfront .    ivars   is   open   until   late .    we   found   a   really   good   deal .    they   extend   their   happy   hour   on   fridays   til   closing .    well   drinks ,    wine   are    $  3  .  0  0  .    limited   menu   but   i   got   fried   oysters   for    $  4  .  9  5  ,    can   get   fish      chips   also   for    4  .  9  5    with   view   table   looking   out   as   the   ferry   terminal .    we   will   definely   recommend   this   hotel   to   anyone   traveling   to   seattle .    the   most   beautiful   city   on   the   planet !  !  !  !  ! |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
a   bitter   sweet   experience !    great   location ,    though   as   already   mentioned ,    pioneer   square   attracts   some   dodgy   looking   characters ,    although   i   must   say   they   never   intimidated   us .    a   gentle    ' sorry ,    can ' t   help '    to   any   beggars   was   enough .    our   first   room   smelt   fusty   and   unclean ,    the   second   room   smelt   like   a   brewery !    needless   to   say   we   had   the   windows   open   constantly .    bed   lumpy   and   uncomfortable .    bathroom   nice   and   clean   but   small .    staff   friendly   and   helpful .    good   complimentary ,    continental   breakfast .    quaint   with   lots   of   character ,    but   not   the   best   best   western   i ' ve   stayed   in . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
its   the   best   of   the   best   for   a   reason   one   of   the   more   affordable   and   better   hotels   in   the   city   of   seattle .    i   had   a   great   time   during   my   stay   because   of   great   service   and   friendly   employees .    the   location   is   convenient   and   parking   is   cheap .    i   give   this   hotel   an   a + |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
great   hotel ,    wonderful   experience                     the   hotel   sign   on   the   building|0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
ok   hotel   in   a   bad   location   the   hotel   is   not   terrible   in   itself ,    but   the   looming   and   noisy   i -  5    viaduct   is   nearby .    also ,    the   king   co .    courthouse   is   not   far ,    and   there   are   a   lot   of   people   who   hang   out   around   there   and   around   this   whole   area   who   are   not   the   greatest .    there   are   some   nice   tourist   destinations   near   this   hotel ,    but   you ' re   much   better   off   staying   nearer   the   convention   center   and   only   visiting   the   pioneer   square   area   in   daylight   if   there   are   specific   things   there   you   want   to   see .    near   the   convention   center   puts   you   closer   to   other   places   in   the   downtown   area   like   the   pike   st .    market . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
excellent   location   to   visit   seattle                     hotel   elegantly   restored   inside ,    romanesque - victorian   style .    stayed   in   sept .  :    perfect ! |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
very   good   stay   we   spent   the   first   night   of   our   pacific   northwest / northern   ca   trip   at   the   pioneer   square   and   were   very   happy .    the   first   room   we   were   shown   had   a   slightly   odd   arrangement   where   the   tv   was   to   the   side   of   the   bed   and   not   easily   viewable .    being   from   boston   and   on   the   road   for   the   first   night   of   the   world   series ,    being   able   to   view   the   tv   was   important   to   us .    at   the   front   desk   my   request   was   easily   and   politely   accomodated   and   we   were   given   a   more   tv   viewable   room . we   found   the   location   of   the   hotel ,    particularly   with   the   free   public   transport   offered   by   seattle   to   be   great .    the   staff   was   very   professional   and   helpful .    the   only   slight   negative   was   the   breakfast   which   we   found   to   be   pretty   mediocre .    overall ,    we   were   very   happy   with   our   hotel   selection . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
location ,    location ,    location .  .  .    hospitality .  .  .  . your   hotel   has   it   all !    dear   jo ,    we   wanted   to   thank   you   and   let   you   now   how   much   we   enjoyed   our   stay   at   your   beautiful   hotel .    your   rooms   are   very   nicely   decorated   and   extremely   comfortable .    we   traveled   with   russ   and   rosemarie   regn .    thank   you   for   also   including   us   a   bottle   of   champagne   and   basket   of   goodies .    they   sharedtheir   bottle   with   us   the   first   night .    we   shared   ours   with   them   the   second   night .    thank   you   for   your   hospitality .    the   extra   courtesy   you   extended   to   us   as   well   made   our   stay   very   memorable .    it   was   a   pleasure   meeting   you .    there   is   so   much   to   see   and   do   in   seattle .    much   more   than   i   was   awareof .    loved   the   pike   place   market !    the   tour   of   seattle   is   definitely   worth   it !    we   will   certainly   recommend   your   place   to   others .    greetingsfrom   delaware !    russ   and   pat   clatts|0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
we ' d   stay   again                     excellent   location    -  -    a   short   walk   to   everything|0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
good   hotel   stayed   here   for    2    nights   at   the   start   of   our   west   coast   adventure .    really   nice   hotel   with   great    ( and   cheap )    chinese   next   door .    clean ,    big   room   and   free   internet .    only   complaint   was   the   tiny   bathroom    -    nowhere   to   lay   anything . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
very   convenient   location ;    highly   recommend .    my   husband   and   i   spent   a   week   in   seattle ,    basically   did   a   sightseeing / pub   crawl   tour   of   the   city .    this   hotel   is   the   only   one   in   pioneer   square ,    and   it   is   within   walking   distance   of   everything .    in   fact ,    it ' s   across   the   street   from   the   waterfront ,    which   is   a   popular   place   to   go   walking   and   sightseeing .    we   never   rented   a   car   or   taxi ;    didn ' t   need   one .    granted ,    we   walked   about    3  -  5    miles   a   day ,    but   stopped   anywhere   we   wanted   along   the   way .    you   don ' t   need   a   car   in   the   city ,    and   you   have   to   call   for   taxis   anyway .  .  . why   not   walk ? the   room   was   always   clean ,    and   a   decent   size   for   the   two   of   us .    it   had   a   weird   smell   though ,    but   it   wasn ' t   something   we   couldn ' t   tolerate ,    though .    it   is   very   charming   and   cozy ,    and   is   within   a   few   yards   of   great   restaurants   and   bars .    in   fact ,    out   of   all   the   meals   we   ate ,    the   restaurant   next   door ,    al   boccalino ' s ,    was   the   best .    they   provide   room   service   for   the   hotel ,    and   they   have   some   of   the   best   italian   food   i ' ve   ever   had .    somewhat   pricey ,    but   it   was   so   good .    hotel   staff   were   friendly ,    but   not   the   most   knowledgeable   of   all   the   questions   i   asked    ( such   as ,    can   they   help   with   reservations   for   the   victoria   clipper ,    what   bus    #    do   we   take   to   go   to   ballard ,    etc .  )  .    but ,    they   were   very   nice   and   always   tried   to   help . the   hotel   was   quiet   when   we   were   there ,    even   though   it   seemed   to   be   very   crowded .    i   would   recommend   it   to   anyone .    with   our   aaa   membership ,    we   paid    $  1  6  1    a   night ,    except   for   friday   night ,    which   was   more   expensive . |0.0	3.0	0.0	0.0
one   night   was   not   enough   trust   me ,    you   will   not   be   disappointed   if   you   stay   at   this   hotel .    what   can   i   say   about   the   best   western   pioneer   square   hotel   that   hasn ' t   already   been   said ?    from   the   welcome   to   seattle   from   the   girls   at   reception   to   the   have   a   good   trip   from   the   bell   captain ,    this   hotel   gets   my   vote   for   being   the   best . at   the   end   of   a   long   tiring   day   having   travelled   by   plane   and   boat   to   reach   seattle ,    all   my   cares   disappeared   as   soon   as   i   opened   the   door   to   my   hotel   room .    the   large   room   was   beautifully   decorated   with   the   king   size   bed   taking   pride   of   place .    it   looked   so   peaceful   and   welcoming   with   the   period   furniture   and   matching   appointments   that   i   couldn ' t   wait   to   unpack   and   relax   with   a   cup   of   tea .    the   lighting   was   excellent   with   not   a    4  0    watt   bulb   evident .    the   towels   were   plentiful   and   fluffy   and   there   was   loads   of   room   in   the   bathroom   to   lay   out   my   toiletries .    i   thought   the   framed   picture   on   the   wall   was   a   nice   homey   touch .    the   room   was   quiet   and   there   was   no   noise   to   disturb   a   dreamless   sleep   that   night .    in   fact ,    i   was   glad   the   next   morning   i   had   set   my   alarm   the   night   before . i   enjoyed   my   continental   breakfast   the   next   morning   of   toast ,    jam ,    yoghurt ,    fruit   and   coffee .    there   was   also   cold   cereals ,    danish   and   muffins   on   offer .    i   learned   that   bus   transportation   is   free   in   the   pioneer   square   area   and   the   bus   stop   is   just   steps   away   from   the   hotel   entrance   on   yesler .    however ,    since   i   wanted   to   explore   on   foot   it   was   an   easy   walk   to   the   uwajimaya   shopping   complex   in   chinatown    -    a   delightful   place .    although   my   room   rate   was   a   little   more   than   i   normally   pay ,    in   retrospect   my   one   night ' s   stay   was   worth   every   cent   and   i   fully   intend   to   make   a   return   visit   in   the   future . |0.0	2.0	0.0	0.0
great   location   but   noisy   we   stayed   at   this   hotel   while   in   seattle   on   business .    check   in   was   very   complicated   they   had   no   parking   available   when   we   arrived   and   the   front   desk   staff   was   not   helpful   at   all   with   the   parking   situation .    our   company   was   paying   for   the   stay   but   when   we   arrived   we   had   to   wait    4  5    minutes   for   someone   in   the   office   to   figure   out   what   was   going   on .    when   we   arrived   in   our   room   we   were   plesantly   surprised   it   was   large   very   clean   and   comfortable .    the   wireless   internet   left   a   lot   to   be   desired   very   slow   and   constant   drop   offs .    in   the   evening   the   noise   from   the   freeway   nearby   was   constant .  .    for   the   money   that   this   establishment   cost   we   could   have   stayed   in   a   sheraton   or   hilton   and   been   a   lot   happier|0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
lots   of   charm   not   your   normal   best   western ,    this   is   a   charming   hotel   in   a   great   location .    high   ceilings   and   warm   appointments ,    room   quality   is   excellent   and   spacious ,    particularly   considering   the   architectural   restrictions   of   an   older   building .    use   the   tiny   elevators ,    or   what   the   heck .  .  .    climb   the   wide   staircases .  .  .    it ' s   good   for   your   heart . step   outside   into   the   fun   of   day   or   night   life   in   seattle .    you   are   one   block   from   the   waterfront   and   trolley ,    and   one   block   from   tons   of   buses .    on   the   opposite   end   of   town   from   the   space   needle ,    there   are   loads   of   stores ,    shops   and   eateries   nearby .    bring   comfy   walking   shoes .    down   an   alley   next   to   the   hotel ,    i . e .  ,    one   block   directly   behind   the   hotel   is   a   wonderful   diner ,    complete   with   quaint   vinyl   booths ,    where   you   can   get   a   tasty ,    filling   and   affordable   breakfast . get   a   good   rate ,    and   this   hotel   is   a   sure   winner . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
great   customer   service   but   lacking   in   other   areas .  .  .    stayed   at   this   place   because   i   had   a   business   meeting   in   downtown   seattle .    this   hotel   is   right   in   downtown   seattle   but   is   in   the   pioneer   square   area .    to   me ,    this   area   was   pretty   bad   and   i   would   walk   around   there   alone    ( i   am   a   woman )  .    i   would   not   feel   safe   there .    anyway ,    the   hotel   is   pretty   nice   and   the   customer   service   is   first   rate .    the   room   was   very   large   but   the   bed   was   extremely   uncomfortable .    great   pillows   but   my   body   ached   from   sleeping   in   the   very   hard   bed .    the   shower   was   the   best   part !    big   and   plenty   of   hot   water !  !    i   loved   that   part ! luckily   i   didn ' t   have   to   pay   for   the   room   but   it   was   pretty   expensive    -    not   worth   the   money   to   me .    and ,    parking   is   a   mess   there    -    you   have   to   park   about    2    blocks   away   in   this   parking   garage   that   is   not   run   by   the   hotel .    it   is   very   inconveinant .  .  .  .  . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
great   for   games   or   access   to   pioneer   squares    " culture "    this   hotel   is   great   if   you   are   looking   for   a   nice ,    boutique - ish   hotel   in   downtown   seattle ,    as   long   as   you   don ' t   mind   the   culture   of   pioneer   square .    there   are   definitely   better   hotels ,    but   this   is   just   a   few   blocks   from   the   two   stadiums   and   in   the   middle   of   a   district   with   great   shopping .    pioneer   square   does   have   a   bit   of   a   homeless   problem ,    but   i ' ve   never   seen   that   spill   into   the   hotel .    the   rooms   as   fairly   small ,    but   nicely   appointed .    free   breakfast   is   okay . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
an   okay   stay   in   seattle   when   every   other   hotel   is   booked   this   historic   hotel   has   been   remodeled   with   the   budget   traveller   in   mind .    we   had   a   corner   room ,    right   next   to   the   big   outdoor   hotel   neon   sign .    luckily ,    it   did   not   blink   all   night ;    a   couple   of   paper   clips   on   the   blackout   curtains   took   care   of   that   problem .    the   room   was   big   and   clean .    the   heating   unit   was   a   bit   quirky   with   its   remote   control ,    and   maintaining   a   comfortable   temperature   was   a   challenge .    it   was   cycled   between   either   a   bit   too   cool   and   a   bit   too   hot .    but   the   room   and   bath   were   clean   and   the   bathroom   fixtures   were   all   new   and   flawless .    bring   a    1  0  0    watt   bulb   if   you   want   to   read   in   bed    ( or   open   the   curtain   if   you   don ' t   mind   a   pink   hue )  .    the   biggest   downside   was   the   thin   wall   to   the   next   room   and   some   loud   guests .    for   the   price ,    its   about   the   quality   you   would   expect . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
no   security   in   pioneer   square   we   had   a   nice   stay   in   seattle   for   two   days   in   this   hotel ,    until   the   moment   we   were   checking   out .    we   had   noticed   what   appeared   to   be   vagrants   sitting   in   the   unattended   lobby   a   couple   of   times ,    including   the   early   morning   were   checking   out .    my   wife   left   our   bags   for   a   moment   to   get   a   muffin   at   the   continental   breakfast   and   when   she   came   back   to   the   bags ,    her   handbag   was   gone ,    and   so   was   the   fellow   who   was   sitting   across   from   her .    i   was   at   the   counter   checking   out   and   didn ' t   see   anything ,    but   i   did   see   the   suspicious   fellow   sitting   in   the   lobby   as   i   move   our   bags .    the   manager   was   not   there ,    as   it   was   a   sunday ,    and   they   have   treated   us   like   we ' re   trying   to   pull   a   scam .    they   claim   no   liability   for   baggage   untended ,    but   they   should   at   least   take   responsibility   for   making   sure   their   lobby   is   clear   of   derelicts   waiting   to   prey   on   their   customers .    from   about    9    a . m .    to    6    p . m .    there   is   supposed   to   be   someone   at   the   front   door ,    but   outside   those   hours   they   have   nobody   there ,    and   the   clerks   are   unable   to   see   who   is   coming   in   or   leaving .    the   manager   says   they   have   security   cameras ,    but   i   think   she   was   bluffing   to   see   if   i   backed   off   of   our   claims .    none   of   the   other   employees   there   that   morning   knew   of   any   cameras .    furthermore ,    the   manager   never   returned   any   of   my   calls   as   promised . we   feel   we ' ve   been   treated   disrespectfully ,    and   none   of   our   suggestions   have   been   taken   seriously    ( ie   the   need   for   full - time   front - door   concierge / security )  .    that   part   of   seattle   has   really   become   full   of   vagrants .    beware !  ! |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
old   reliable    -    clean ,    comfortable ,    quiet ,    well - located   location ,    location ,    location .    leave   the   car   at   home ,    take   the   train   to   seattle :    psh   is   within   walking   distance   from   king   street   train   station .    located   in   the   heart   of   historic   pioneer   square ,    it ' s   convenient   to   waterfront ,    antiques ,    art   galleries ,    designer - furniture ,    fine   restaurants   and   pubs ,    clubs   and   theaters ,    the   international   district ,    pike   place   market ,    downtown   ferries   and   alaska   marine   hwy .    i ' ve   stayed   there   in    2  0  0  4  ,     2  0  0  5  ,    and   recommend   it   to   all   my   friends . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
such   a   great   place !    i   love   this   hotel !    the   staff   was   amazing ,    we   had   never   been   to   seattle   before   and   were   probably   terribly   annoying   with   our   endless   questions   and   need   for   directions ,    but   the   staff   was   extremely   patient   and   every   person   we   talked   to   was   just   great !    i   can ' t   say   enough   good   things   about   the   best   western   pioneer   square ,    we   chose   it   for   the   location ,    but   the   room   was   spotless   and   we   had   such   a   great   time ,    we   will   definitely   be   back ! |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
game   on   we   were   booked   to   stay   here   for   two   nights   from   the    3  1 st   of   august    ,    we   arrived   at   about    7 pm   only   to   be   told   that   thay   had   no   parking .    we   were   given   directions   to   some   public   parking   but   they   did   not   tell   us   that   there   was   a   match   on   in   the   stadium .    we   could   not   find   anywhere   to   park   so   we   drove   to   the   best   western   executive   inn   by   the   space   needle   to   see   if   they   had   any   rooms .  . we   were   very   impressed   with   the   service .    they   phoned   back   to   the   pioneer   square   to   see   if   we   could   transfer   our   booking ,    which   they   did   at   no   extra   charge .  { well   done   best   western }  . so   remember   to   book   a   parking   space   when   booking   your   room   if   you   are   driving . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
nice   hotel   but .  .  .  .  .    very   nice   hotel ,    well   remodelled   and   tasteful   accommodations .    staff   was   helpful ,    polite   and   unobtrusive .    the   major   problem   is   the   number   and   outright   in   your   face   quality   of   the   derelicts   that   inhabit   every   street   corner ,    bench ,    and   doorway   of   the   pioneer   square   area .    to   be   forced   to   watch   so   that   you   dont   step   in   someones   urine   trail ,    to   have   to   turn   your   back   so   as   to   not   have   to   watch   a   derelict   urinate   in   broad   daylight   on   the   biulding   on   a   main   street ,    to   have   to   push   one   of   them   away   from   me   when   he   kept   circling   back   closer   and   closer   to   me ,    is   too   much . i   will   never   stay   in   downtown   seattle   again .    well   over   a   hundred   dollars   and   you   are   a   prisoner   in   your   hotel .    the   derelicts   have   taken   over   pioneer   square .    they   own   their   benches ,    doorways ,    and   covered   areas .    they   own   pioneer   square . wake   up   seattle   and   take   your   city   back . guess   i   will   be   staying   at   the   airport   nextime .    lots   of   good   restaurants   and   shops   that   are   loosing   customers   due   to   the   prevalence   of   these   derelicts . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
nice   hotel   for   the   pioneer   square   area   we   stayed   here   in   late   august .    this   hotel   is   a   decent   stay   for   a   decent   price   for   this   time   of   year .    the   service   is   awesome .    they   would   clean   our   room   in   the   morning   and   again   in   the   late   afternoon   with   candy   on   the   pillow .    it   is   in   such   a   historic   area   and   right   across   the   street   from   pier ,    underground   tour   and   waterfront   walk .    the   area   is   in   a   positive   transistion   for   such   an   older   area   of   town .    lots   to   see   and   do   and   easy   to   catch   the   bus   to   other   areas   of   town .    hotel   is   totally   redone   and   refurbished   with   great   service .    if   you   don ' t   care   about   having   a   room   with   a   view ,    much   cheaper   rates .    it   is   however   in   the   older   area   of   town   and   the   panhandlers   are   everywhere .    panhandlers   are   quite   polite ,    but   aggresive . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
great   hotel   in   an   historic   area .                      hotel   from   up   the   block . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
great   location                     safeco   field|0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
one   night   to   catch   clipper   this   hotel   is   a   century   hotel   located   in   the   pioneer   district .    i   feel   they   have   great   rooms   for   the   location / price   but   if   you   have   a   family   beware   they   are   double   beds   not   queen   beds .    parking   is   really   only    1    block ,    if   that .    for   a   few   nights   in   the   historical   district   it   is   worth   it .    yes ,    most   of   the   homeless   seem   to   be   in   this   area   due   to   the   missions .    we   need   to   send   a   response   to   the   city   about   this .    otherwise ,    don ' t   fault   the   hotel .  .  . they   are   great !  !  !    the   city   needs   to   respond   and   do   something   w /    the   homeless .    the   entire   city   has   a   probelm   and   i   travel   internationally   a   lot .    our   usa   has   some   serious   issues .    they   beg   and   are   hostile   about   it .    only   seattle   showed   me   this !  !    ugh|0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
just   fine .    this   hotel   is   located   in   pioneer   square ,    though   just   a   quick   walk   to   the   water   front / pike ' s   market .    however ,    the   immediate   location   is   a   bit   rough   around   the   edges   and   there   is   a   very   apparent   homeless   population .    once   you ' ve   walked   several   blocks   away   towards   the   market ,    it   gets   noticeably   better .    the   hotel   is   very   nice    -  -    our   room   was   spacious   and   nicely   decorated .    there   was   a   very   toxic   cleaning   agent   odor   that   required   us   to   open   the   windows   and   leave   them   open .    otherwise ,    it   was   a   nice   big   room   with   a   good   sized   bathroom .    breakfast   was   great .    it   is   served   in   an   adjoining   breakfast   room / cafe   to   the   hotel   and   includes   cereal ,    pastries ,    bagels   and   then   some .    above   and   beyond   most   continental   included   breakfasts .    the   parking   is   about    1     1  /  2    blocks   away   and   costs    $  1  8    a   day .    it ' s   relatively   convenient ,    though   when   we   returned   back   to   the   lot   around    9    or    1  0    pm   after   attending   a   wedding ,    it   was   sketchy .    there   were   a   few   shady   characters   lingering   around   the   garage    ( it ' s   locked   and   requires   access ,    but   once   your   key   card   opens   the   door ,    anyone   can   cruise   in   after   you .  )    all   in   all ,    it ' s   a   convenient   decent   place   for   a   reasonable   price .    if   you ' re   looking   for   luxury ,    this   isn ' t   it ,    but   it ' s   more   than   adequate . |0.0	3.0	0.0	0.0
charming   hotel    -  - brace   for   seattle   parking ,    but   good   to   go !    having   read   this   site ' s   reviews ,    i   braced   for   additional   parking   fees   and   stayed   here   anyway .    glad   i   did .    seattle ,    like   sfo      nyc ,    has   joined   ranks   of   big   city   parking   headaches   so   if   you   drive   be   prepared   to   hand   over   parking   rates .    staff   very   gracious   in   allowing   us   to   check - in   early    (  1  2 noon )    and   were   upfront   about   the    $  1  8  / day   parking   deal   up   the   street .    we   saw   plenty   of   parking   tickets   under   windshield   wipers   downtown      around   pike ' s   so   take   it   into   consideration .    very   centrally   located ;    can   walk   to   pike ' s ,    restaurants   on   first ,    pioneer   square   boutiques      artisian   storefronts ,    downtown   shopping .    service   was   pretty   darned   friendly   to   say   nothing   of   professional .    as   long   as   you   know   what   you ' re   in   for   with   downtown   seattle   parking    ( you   pay ,    you   pay ,    you   pay )    you ' ll   be   good   to   go .    clean ,    full   of   character ,    and   breakfast   was   bw   standard   fare    -  - not   bad .    i ' d   recommend   it   if   you   want   a   little   old   world   charm   to   round   out   your   stay . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
almost   perfect ,    but .  .  .    we   wanted   to   love   the   best   western   at   pioneer   square ,    and   for   the   most   part   we   did .    excellent   location ,    very   nicely   appointed   rooms ,    and   great   continental   breakfast .    kudos   to   best   western   for   this   fine   hotel . our   biggest   beef   from   our   stay   there   was   a   front - desk   person   who   was   quite   rude   and   unbecoming   for   a   hospitality   professional .    his   conduct   was   inappropriate   and   distasteful    -    when   we   walked   in ,    he   was   slouching   over   the   desk ,    and   looked   at   my   father   and   i   as   if   we   were   unwelcome .    he   was   then   surly   to   us   over   a   number   of   subjects .    this   got   things   off   to   a   rotten   start .    however ,    we   found   the   rest   of   the   staff   to   be   quite   helpful   and   friendly ,    so   in   the   end ,    we   were   happy   that   we   stayed   here . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
perfect   location   for   a   walking   tour   of   seattle !    excellent   accomodation .  .  .    perfect   for   a   tourist ' s   experience .    the   complimentary   breakfast   and   coffee    ( seattle ' s   best )    was   a   welcome   accomodation -  - allowing   us   to   begin   sightseeing   earlier   with   plenty   of   caffeinated !  !  ! rooms   were   clean   and   the   victorian   era   building   had   loads   of   character .    quiet ,    convienent   and   a   good   buy .    close   to   the   pioneer   square   and   waterfront   areas .  .  .    good   choice . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
best   hotel !    my   husband   and   i   have   stayed   in   the   hotel   numerous   times   in   the   last   couple   of   years   and   would   never   stay   anywhere   else .    we   have   recommended   the   hotel   to   family   and   friends   who   have   also   loved   staying   there ! i   have   to   say   that   from   the   moment   you   walk   into   the   hotel   you   feel   like   someone   cares   for   your   needs   and   the   staff   is   very   courteous   and   friendly .    the   rooms   were   very   well   taken   care   of   and   extremly   clean .    the   rates   were   excellant   especially   if   you   are   there   in   downtown   seattle   for   just   a   overnight   visit .    my   sister   and   i   stayed   at   the   hotel   while   we   had   a   three   day   shopping   trip   in   seattle   and   everday   the   room   was   cleaned   with   special   goodies   left   in   the   room   for   us !    it   was   great   because   transportation   was   right   there   so   we   didn ' t   have   to   use   our   vehicle   to   drive   places   and   have   the   terrible   time   trying   to   find   parking .  .  . everything   was   right   there ! we   loved   our   stay   and   being   pampered   that   we   did   not   want   to   go   home ! this   is   a   wonderful   hotel   with   fantastic   staff   that   make   you   feel   at   home !    i   would   never   stay   anywhere   else ! |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
the   best   bachlorette   party   my   friend   was   getting   married   and   wanted   to   do   her   bachlorette   party   in   seattle .    i   got   two   rooms   for   the   group   at   best   western   pioneer   square   hotel ,    and   i   can ' t   tell   you   what   a   wonderful   time   we   had   there !    the   rooms   were   cozy   and   victorian ,    the   service   was   great   and   everyone   just   loved   it .    staying   in   pioneer   square   was   very   convenient鈥攚e   didn ' t   have   to   drive   anywhere !    thanks ! |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
best   downtown   hotel   having   frequent   business   in   the   downtown   seattle   area   i   am   always   looking   for   good   deals   at   better   than   average   hotels ,    and   i   have   found   the   best   one   yet   at   the   pioneer   square   hotel !    spotless   property ,    great   staff ,    and   excellent   location   make   this   hotel   a   sure   winner !    it   is   close   enough   to   everything   that   downtown   seattle   has   to   offer   from   art   to   entertainment   that   i   have   never   needed   to   take   a   cab   anywhere .    the   courteous   and   knowlegable   staff   gave   me   great   and   up - to - date   instructions   on   where   to   go   for   world   class   jazz    -    just   around   the   corner .    this   hotel   really   made   my   recent   trips   to   seattle   very   special   and   enjoyable ,    and   i   gladly   highly   recommend   it   to   one   and   all ! |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
great   price   and   excellent   location   my   wife   and   i   decided   to   visit   seattle   for   the   first   time   and   booked   the   pioneer   square   hotel   online .    when   we   arrived   the   staff   was   perfect ;    they   noticed   we   were   from   out   of   town   and   offered   to   point   out   great   spots   to   hit   while   we   were   here   and   even   made   us   reservations   for   salty ' s   seafood   restaurant   all   at   check   in !  !    the   room   was   perfect   overlooking   the   street   and   breakfast   was   great .    we   paid    $  1  4  3    per   night   and   that   was   great   compared   to   other   hotels   we   looked   at .    i   will   definatley   be   sending   my   friends   here . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
great   hotel      i   had   planned   a   two - night   stay   for   early   october   in   the   best   western   pioneer   square   hotel   after   a   train   ride   from   la   to   seattle .    after   my   first   night    ( and   seeing   how   much   there   was   to   do   within   walking   distance )  ,    i   added   a   third   night . this   is   not   your   typical   best   western .    it   is   in   a   beautiful   c .  1  9  1  3    building .    the   hotel   is   modern   inside   with   wireless   internet   access ,    while   retaining   the   charm   with   huge   doors ,    beautiful   woodwork ,    and   high   ceilings .    it   was   absolutely   spotless ,    and   the   staff   was   very   friendly   and   helpful .    having   read   many   reviews ,    i   know   to   expect   no   free   parking    ( not   an   issue   as   i   didn ' t   have   a   rental )  ;    and   that   the   rooms   could   have   been   on   the   smallish   side .    mine   was   certainly   adequate ,    with   a   larger - than - average   bathroom .    my   window   was   on   an   airshaft ,    but   as   i   chose   the   lowest   priced   room ,    i   expected   that   too .    as   i   use   a   hotel   room   to   sleep   in ,    not   view   scenery   from ,    i   had   no   issue   with   it .    i   did   hear   someone   complaining   one   morning   about   highway   noise   as   their   room   was   on   that   side ,    so   i   was   glad   to   have   my   quiet   brick   wall ! they   offer   a   continental   breakfast   that   is   above   average .    there   is   a   separate   room   off   of   the   lobby   with   numerous   tables ,    complimentary   newspapers ,    and   a   staff   of   two   to   keep   things   clean      filled .    seattle   is   a   very   pc   city ,    and   yes ,    there   are   a   lot   of   homeless   found   on   the   streets .    but   not   one   bothered   me ,    and   i   had   no   concerns   about   walking   to   restaurants   at   night ,    alone .    the   streets   are   filled   with   people   until   quite   late ,    as   it   is   a   very   vibrant   area .    but   it   is   not   rowdy   by   any   means .    i   would   recommend   this   hotel   to   any   of   my   family   or   friends .    you   are   a   block   from   the   waterfront      ferries ;    pike   place   market   and   the   monorail   station   are   within   easy   walking   distance .    taxis   in   seattle   are   very   reasonably   priced   and   easy   to   find ,    and   there   is   free   city   bus   transport .    within   a   few   blocks   of   the   hotel ,    you   have   every   kind   of   restaurant   you   could   desire ,    many   antique   and   art   shops .    if   i   ever   return   to   seattle ,    i   know   i   will   stay   at   the   pioneer   square   hotel . s . murphynh|0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
what   a   great   hotel !    don ' t   understand   the   complaints   on   this   website   about   this   hotel .    we   stayed   here   for   two   nights   in   late   august   and   loved   everything   about   it .    first ,    the   location   was   great .    it   was   within   walking   distance   of   both   the   waterfront   and   pike   place   market ,    and   we   could   easily   take   the   monorail   to   the   space   needle .     ( there   are   hills   in   seattle ,    so   if   you   have   someone   with   you   who   has   trouble   walking ,    you   may   want   to   consider   taking   a   bus   or   taxi .  )    both   the   lobby   and   the   room   were   nicely   decorated ,    and   the   staff   was   very   helpful .    being   on   pioneer   square   meant   that   we   could   go   next   door   or   right   across   the   street   to   get   a   drink   and / or   something   to   eat .    of   course ,    we   didn ' t   walk   through   the   square   at   night   because   of   the   street   people   who   hung   out   there ,    but   that ' s   just   common   sense .    we   were   never   bothered   by   anyone ,    and   because   this   hotel   is   so   well   located   we   were   able   to   easily   enjoy   this   great   city .    if   you ' re   worried   about   street   noise ,    call   the   hotel   directly   and   ask   for   an   interior   room .    we   had   an   interior   king   and   it   was   very   quiet .    we   plan   to   return   to   seattle ,    and   when   we   do ,    we ' ll   stay   at   the   best   western   pioneer   square   hotel   again . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
it   was    " ok "    we   stayed   here   sunday ,    august    2  1 st .    our   reservation   was   made   online ,    base   rate   of    $  1  5  8  ,    directly   with   the   hotel .    upon   check - in ,    they   indicated   they   were   upgrading   our   room   to   a   deluxe .    we   were   on   the    4 th   floor   with   a   small   balcony .    the   room   was   clean   and   adequate ;    nothing   special .    this   is   an   old   hotel   in   a   district   that   i   would   not   feel   comfortable   walking   in   the   late   hours .    breakfast   was   continental ,    apathetic   staff .    probably   would   not   stay   there   again . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
lack   of   customer   service   skills   and   overpriced   we   found   this   place   online   and   made   a   reservation   through   third   party   booking ,    like   many .    we   were   just   staying   one   night   and   sharing   the   room   with   friends .    when   we   arrived   we   were   politely   greeted .    our   reservation   was   for    4    persons   per   our   confirmation   letter .    when   they   asked   how   many   guests ,    we   told   them    4    and   they   said   that   the   extra   guest   cost   was    $  2  0  .  0  0    for   each   person   per   night .    our   rate   was   already   over    $  1  5  0  .  0  0    for   a   room   with    2    double   beds .    we   told   them   that   our   reservation   was   for    4    persons   and   they   said   their   system   said    2    persons .    we   went   ahead   and   took   the   room .    at   this   time   nobody   told   us   anything   about   parking   and   we   had   to   ask .    we   were   then   given   a   key   for   the   garage   and   told   it   would   be    $  5  0    if   we   lost   the   key   and    $  1  0  0    on   sunday   if   we   left   it   in   the   car   because   the   garage   is   closed   on   sundays .    nothing   more   was   said   about   parking .    we   left   and   went   to   the   ball   game   returning   late   in   the   evening .    we   received   our   keys   and   went   to   the   extremely   small   room .    we   walked   in   and   it   had   a   view   of   the   brick   building   next   door .    the   room   was   very   clean .    when   we   checked   out   the   next   morning   we   asked   again   about   the   rate   and   produced   the   confirmation   letter .    we   were   told   that   we   were   getting   the   best   rate   available   and   that   we   would   have   to   take   it   up   with   the   third   party   booking   company .    we   then   questioned   the   charge   for   the   parking .    we   were   never   told   about   the    $  1  8  .  0  0    to   park   in   the   garage .    we   told   them   such   and   were   told   he   was   the   manager   and   insisted   that   the   person   checking   us   in   told   us .    we   told   him   that   he   had   checked   us   in   and   that   he   only   told   us   about   the   key   charged   for   the   garage   and   never   the   parking   amount .    he   then   told   us   that   he   always   tells   guests   and   that   he   was   the   manager .    he   would   not   work   with   us   at   all   on   the   price   even   though   we   were   never   told   about   the   parking   fee   or   that   our   confirmation   letter   showed    4    persons .    so   in   turn   we   ended   up   paying    $  2  4  0  .  0  0    for   a   room   that   you   could   find   at   any   budget   motel .    the   breakfast   leaves   something   to   be   desired .    the   floor   was   filthy   with   food   and   the   food   was   not   well   stocked ,    counters   were   dirty   and   the   staff   was   sitting   behind   the   counter   talking .    we   walked   up   to   the   corner   tullys   instead . i   would   never   stay   at   this   motel   again .    having   worked   for   hotels   for   the   past    7    years ,    i   do   not   know   how   they   keep   guests .    if   we   treated   a   guest   as   they   had   we   would   be   out   of   business .    i   would   recommend   customer   service   training . we   will   never   stay   there   again   and   we   will   tell   many   people   about   our   experience .    this   is   definately   not   what   we   expected   from   a   best   western . we   gave   it   a    2    because   it   was   clean . |0.0	-2.0	0.0	0.0
the   customer   is   not   always   right   at   the   pioneer   square   it   was   a   sunday   night   in   april ,    and   we   were   in   town   for   a   concert ,    and   after   the   evening   crew   gave   a   great   effort ,    physically   showing   us   a   few   of   the   different   rooms    ( which   were   some   of   the   smallest   i ' ve   ever   seen ,    with   views   of   backend   brick   walls )  ,    they   led   us   to   believe   when   we   asked   about   parking   that   we   could   either   park   on   the   street   at   no   charge   that   night ,    or   park   in   the   garage   a   block   up   the   road .    when   we   were   thinking   about   getting   a   parking   pass   to   save   hassle   for   later ,    they   simply   said ,    talk   to   the   night   shift   when   you   get   back   and   they   will   set   you   up .    after   coming   back   that   night ,    a   young   man   was   working   who   claimed   he   was   new ,    and   got   his   manager   when   we   asked   about   the   parking .    when   we   asked   for   the   parking   pass ,    he   wanted    $  1  5    and   we   refused   telling   him   we   were   led   to   believe   by   the   conversation   with   the   evening   shift   that   it   was   free .    the   manager   told   us   that   that   wasn ' t   his   policy   as   he   pulled   out   his   hotel   policy   book   and   that   we   either   had   to   pay   the    $  1  5    or   park   on   the   street   which   started   on   the   meter   at    7    am .    this   was   great   news   coming   at    1    am   and   exhausted .    we   felt   cheated .       in   an   obvious   bluff   attempt   he   then   proceeded   to   tell   us   that   he   would   check   the   video   tape    ( as   he   told   us   everything   was   recorded   throughout   the   day )    and   if   we   weren ' t   told   about   the   charge   he   would   give   us   our   pass   at   no   charge .    when   i   accepted   the   offer   staring   him   in   the   face ,    he   then   proceeded   to   go   back   on   his   offer   and   again   refused   to   offer   the   pass   running   in   circles ,    you   mean   they   didn ' t   give   you   the   pass   yet ?    excuse   me ?  ?  ?    what ?    if   i   had   the   pass   already ,    i   would   have   been   in   a   parking   lot   parking   my   car ,    and   not   in   the   middle   of   an   argument   about   paying   it .    we   had   only   been   there   checked   in   hours   earlier   and   told   the   manager   that   we   wanted   our   money   back   and   would   go   find   another   hotel   in   that   case .    he   refused .    he   would   not   refund   us   our   money   and   we   were   forced   to   stay   there   that   night .    it   was   late ,    we   were   tired   and   he   was   running   in   circles   with   his   lame   arguments ,    we   decided   to   wake   up   at    7    am ,    pay   the   meter   for   a   couple   more   hours ,    and   leave .    i   wasn ' t   giving   this   place   another   dollar .    the   next   day   we   found   another   hotel   near   the   space   needle   and   were   treated   with   the   utmost   respect   and   in   subsequent   visits   will   never   stay   at   that   dive   again .    the   only   good   thing ,    and   the   reason   i   gave   a    2    and   not   a    1    was   the   one   bellhop   that   showed   us   the   small   rooms   and   helped   us   with   the   door   that   would   never   swipe   and   really   helped   us   out .    the   place   is   a   nice   location ,    but   based   on   this   experience ,    the   lack   of   management   skills ,    and   others   that   i   read   that   had   the   same   parking   problem ,    there   are   other   hotels ,    and   i   would   pass   on   the   pioneer   square   best   western . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
location   is   everything !    if   you   are   looking   for   the   perfect   location   to   stay   at   in   seattle ,    consider   the   best   western   hotel   in   pioneer   square .    also   called   the   pioneer   square   hotel ,    it ' s   located   just   off   of   the   square   in   downtown   seattle .    it ' s   only   a   block   away   from   the   waterfront   and   within   easy   walking   distance   of   both   safeco   field    ( for   baseball   fans )  ,    the   new   seahawks   football   stadium   and   pike   place   market . as   far   as   downtown   hotels   go ,    the   best   western   is   a   bargain   compared   to   most   hotels   of   this   caliber .    the   rooms   inside   the   hotel   were   of   a   decent   size    ( not   huge    -    but   not   tiny   either )    and   clean .    the   staff   was   very   friendly   and   helpful ,    and   along   with   the   location ,    they   were   the   highlight   of   the   hotel . the   only   negative   things   i   can   think   of   is   the   fact   that   you   do   have   to   pay   for   your   parking   and   that   the   complemetary   continental   breakfast   was   lacking   in   terms   of   selection   and   quality . having   said   that    -    a   clean   hotel   room   at   a   good   price   in   the   heart   of   seattle   is   a   heck   of   a   bargain .    i ' ll   be   back   again ! |0.0	-1.0	0.0	0.0
people    .  .  .    people    .  .  .    people   people    .  .  .    the   pioneer   staff   on   the   inside    .  .  .    make   this    ' boutique '    hotel    ( ie   tastefully   reburbished   and   refreshingly   small )    such   a   great   place   to   stay   for   a   night   or   two .    the   staff   are   polite ,    friendly   and   efficient .    however ,    people    .  .  .    the   panhandling   bums   on   the   outside    .  .  .    are   likely   to   take   the   shine   off   your   stay .    pioneer   square   and   the   area   immediately   outside   the   hotel   entrance   is   over - run   with   the   down   and   outs   of   the   pacific   rim    .  .  .    many   of   them   are   friendly   but   others   can   be   aggressive   and   quite   intimidating   at   night . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
best   kept   secret   in   seattle    !    this   is   the   best   kept   secret   in   seattle .    we   were   expecting   the   typical   best   western   hotel .    this   is   by   far   the   best   hotel   we   have   stayed   in   for   many   years .    the   staff   is   marvelous    ! |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
fabulous !  !    i ' ll   stay   here   from   now   on !          showreview (  1  6  8  7  0  5  3  ,     ' full '  )  ; |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
best   western   pioneer   square   a   gem   in   a   sea   of   hotel   choices         showreview (  1  4  2  4  5  9  3  ,     ' full '  )  ; |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
pioneer   square .  .  .  . simply   charming         showreview (  1  3  4  4  2  5  1  ,     ' full '  )  ; |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
love   this   hotel !          showreview (  1  2  7  3  0  8  5  ,     ' full '  )  ; |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
pioneer   square   hotel         showreview (  1  2  7  0  0  5  9  ,     ' full '  )  ; |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
reasonable   lodgings   in   the   older   part   of   town         showreview (  1  2  6  0  4  6  3  ,     ' full '  )  ; |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
worst    $  1  5  0    a   night   i   ever   spent   in   seattle         showreview (  1  2  5  7  0  3  8  ,     ' full '  )  ; |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
great   staff   and   location         showreview (  1  2  0  8  8  6  7  ,     ' full '  )  ; |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
a   diamond   in   the   ruff    !          showreview (  1  1  0  7  0  7  4  ,     ' full '  )  ; |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
a   great   seattle   hotel   near   everything         showreview (  1  0  2  0  5  4  2  ,     ' full '  )  ; |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
