price   was   right   pleasantly   surprised   at    $  6  9    night .    front   desk   was   not   helpful ,    but   who   cares .  .  . for    $  6  9    you   get   a   clean ,    fairly - large   room ,    central   air ,    refrig / micro ,    free    ( but   sparse )    breakfast   buffet .    stayed   there   because   it   was   near   banner   hospital . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
great   restaurant   this   property   has   really   improved   since   our   last   stay .    room   was   cool ,    clean   and   comfy .    the   restaurant   downstairs   is   the   best   kept   secret   in   the   area !    the   food   and   service   was   outstanding    ( try   the   seafood   platter )  .    staff   was   courteous   and   efficient .    good   value   for   the   price . |0.0	2.0	0.0	0.0
nice   place   we   had   an   enjoyable   stay   at   this   hotel .    we   found   the   free   continental   breakfast   no   better / worse   than   anywhere   else .    the   pool   area -    while   it   looked   like   it   could   have   used   some   tidying -    was   very   nice   and   relaxing .    our   standard   room   was   very   clean   and   comfy .    our   only   complaint   was   the   air   conditioning .    it   seemd   to   run   constantly   but   never   bring   the   temp   below    7  5    in   the   room .    this   wouldn ' t   have   been   a   big   deal   if   it   weren ' t    1  1  3    out !    we   did   complain   and   they   offered   to   give   us   a   new   room ;    however ,    we   opted   to   not   move   as   it   would   have   been   too   big   of   a   hassle   to   lug   all   of   our   stuff   to   a   different   room .    if   you   stay   here -    ask   for   a   room   that   is   not   on   the   first   floor .    we   stayed   on   the    6 th   but   i   noticed   that   there   is   minimal   privacy   for   those   in   the    1 st   floor   rooms   as   the   windows   run   along   the   parking   lot .  ,    pool ,    etc .    i   was   glad   i   didn ' t   stay   on   the    1 st   floor .    everyone   at   this   hotel   was   very   nice .    with   the   exception   of   the   air -    we   had   no   complaints . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
not   impressed   the   desk   person   was   in   a   rude   mood .    there   was   construction   being   done   on   the   street   in   front   of   the   hotel ;    which   made   it   very   difficult   driving   around .    the   air   conditioner   was   very   loud .    nothing   told   us   that   there   was   a   free   breakfast    -    the   restaurant   looked   like   it   was   closed .    all   in   all   the   price   was   way   too   high   for   such   a   poor   accomodations . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
acceptable   hotel   but   lacked   functioning   ac    ( in   march )    i   was   attending   a   business   meeting   in   phoenix   and   the   hotels   near   the   convention   center   were   full .    the   travel   agent   suggested   i   try   this   hotel   as   it   is   in   the   same   zip   code   and   was   a   three / four   star   property . on   the   location :    although   this   hotel   is   in   the   same   zipcode   as   the   convention   center   it   is   actually    1  .  1    miles   north .    the   light   rail   public   transportation   system   is   still   under   construction    ( and   thus   was   not   a   transporation   option   during   my   stay )    and   i   didn ' t   try   to   figure   out   the   local   bus   system .    i   walked   to   and   from   the   convention   center   during   the   day    ( it   wasn ' t   too   hot )    and   i   felt   perfectly   safe .    i   don ' t   think   i   would   walk   the   same   route   after   dark   though .    the   hotel   does   have   a   free   shuttle   to   take   you   back   and   forth   to   the   convention   center   if   you   like . near   the   property :    the   hotel   is   in   a   fairly   under - developed   area   of   downtown   phoenix .    current   maps   of   phoenix   show   the   hotel   as   being   immediately   adjacent   to   i -  1  0    but   those   are   misleading   as   the   highway   is   underground   in   this   part   of   the   city    ( this   meant   there   was   less   traffic   noise   and   pollution   than   i   expected )  .    the   hotel   has   a   restaurant   on   the   property    ( the   capital   grille )    and   there   is   a   fair - trade   coffee   shop   and   portland ' s   restaurant   in   the   building   next   to   the   hotel .    about    2    blocks   further   north   is   cheuvront ' s   wine   bar .    i   ate   at   all   three   of   these   places   during   my   time   at   the   hotel   and   was   happy   with   all   three   of   them    ( note   these   restaurants   are   more   fancy    ' wine   bar '    types   of   places   than   family   friendly   chain   restaurants )  .    my   stay :    i   was   given   a   room   on   the    3 rd   floor    ( i   think   it   was    3  1  3  ) with    2    double   beds   and   work   area / desk .    i   thought   the   room   was   fairly   spacious    ( ex   it   could   have   fit   a   rollaway   bed   into   the   work   area   without   too   much   trouble )  .    the   housekeeping   was   fine ,    the   cable   tv   worked ,    the   bathroom   was   clean .    the   towels   were   thin   and   worn .    my   biggest   issue   with   the   room   is   that   the   air   conditioning   didn ' t   work .    no   matter   what   temp   i   set   the   ac   to ,    or   how   high   i   turned   the   fan ,    it   blew   warm   air .    i   went   down   to   the   front   desk   to   ask   about   it   and   was   told   that    ' we   haven ' t   switched   over   the   a / c   yet '  .  .  .  . this   had   a   major   impact   on   my   comfort   level   during   my   stay .    fortunately   the   room   has   a   window   that   you   can   open   to   allow   for   some   air   circulation   otherwise   i   would   not   have   been   able   to   sleep   comfortably .    this   room   had   a   view   over   the   outdoors   pool .    i   did   not   use   the   pool   or   the   exercise   room   so   i   cannot   comment   on   these   facilities . the   hotel   offers   a   complimentary   breakfast   each   morning ,    served   in   the   capital   grille   restaurant .    this   consists   of   a   selection   of   cold   cereals   and   instant   oatmeal ,    fruit ,    some   pastries   and    ' make   your   own   waffles '  ,    along   with   the   standard   tea   and   coffee .    this   hotel   also   offers   free   wireless .    this   worked   just   fine   for   me ,    acceptable   speeds   and   no   problems   with   signal   strength . overall   it   was   an   acceptable   hotel   for    2    nights   but   i   wouldn ' t   recommend   it   unless   you   need   to   stay   there    ( for   example   the   hotels   near   the   convention   center   are   full )  .    it   think   it   was   a   bit   overpriced    ( my   corporate   rate   was    ~  $  1  5  0  / night )    and   for   that   i   would   expect   a   better   variety   of   foods   at   breakfast ,    better   towels   and   working   ac . also ,    the   hotel   was   full   when   i   stayed   and   i   noticed   the   front   desk   staff   seemed   a   bit   inexperienced .    they   were   having   problems   with   doubly   occupied   rooms    ( giving   out   room   keys   to   new   guests   who   were   finding   the   rooms   already   occupied )  .    they   were   also   unsure   how   to   handle   my   enquiries   about   the   ac .    they   weren ' t   rude ,    just   a   bit   unsure   of   what   to   say . so   in   summary   a   two / three   star   hotel ,    definately   not   four . |0.0	4.0	0.0	0.0
a   fair   stay   for   business   my   coworker   and   i   were   booked   into   the   bw   central   phoenix   for    2    nights .    i   would   describe   the   experience   as   fair   or   average .    features   i   liked   included   the   continental   breakfast ,    efficient   check - in ,    humble   but   useful   work - out   room ,    and   an   average   room   with   a   good   bed .    the   free   high - speed   internet   was   great   for   email   and   small   productions   but   slow   for   graphics - intensive   work .    it   is   still   a   great   perk . because   we   were   on   a   business   trip ,    i   was   very   leery   of   giving   my   credit   card   for   incidentals .    twice   before   at   other   places   the   front   desk   has   billed   my   card   instead   of   our   purchase   order .    i   spoke   to   two   front   desk   clerks   at   check - in   and   check - out   and   both   of   them   gave   me   the   evil   eye    ( in   my   opinion )    when   i   brought   this   up .    they   were   brief ,    bordering   on   rude ,    but   they   did   ensure   that   the   po   was   billed   appropriately .    i   could   have   done   without   the   attitude .    one   of   the   desk   clerks ,    a   dark - haired   woman   with   an   eastern   european   accent   was   very   nice   to   my   coworker   and   knew   all   about   the   po   situation   with   our   business .    she   deserves   special   recognition . the   building   appears   to   be   on   permanent   lock - down ,    as   the   only   way   in   is   through   the   front   door ,    away   from   the   main   parking   area .    i   respect   the   need   for   more   security ,    but   what   about   card   readers   at   the   outside   doors   for   guests ? some   things   future   guests   here   should   be   aware   of :    there   is   construction   all   along   central   avenue   right   by   the   hotel   and   they   are   ripping   up   the   road   to   build   a   light - rail .    this   is   not   the   bw ' s   fault ,    and   of   course   i   support   the   project   but   it   makes   it   very   difficult   to   actually   find   your   way   into   the   hotel .    to   get   in ,    find   your   way   to    3 rd   ave ,    which   is   west   of   central   ave .    then   go   north   about   two   blocks   to   portland   street ,    turn   right   on   portland ,    then   travel   down   a   street   of   residential   condos .    go   around   the   semi - circle   at   the   end   of   portland    ( next   to   central )    and   look   for   the   entrance   for   the   hotel .    consult   a   street   map   before   you   go !    at    $  2  2  2    for   two   nights ,    i   would   say   that   this   bw   is   only   a   fair   value   for   the   price .    i   would   not   stay   here   again   at   this   price   on   personal   business . |0.0	2.0	0.0	0.0
friendly ,    efficient ,    good   value .    we   arrived   late   in   the   evening   due   to   a   delayed   flight ,    and   finding   this   hotel   in   a   car   in   the   dark   was   not   the   easiest   bit   of   navigation   i   have   done    -    i   ended   up   wishing   that   i   had   hired   the   sat - nav   with   the   car .    we   only   stayed    2    nights ,    but   we   had   a   clean   and   comfy   standard   room   at   a   good   rate ,    and   the   staff   could   not   have   been   more   friendly   or   helpful .    ellie ,    behind   the   front   desk ,    made   several   phone   calls   and   drew   lots   of   maps   to   help   us   get   to   some   specific   areas   of   town .    the   restaurant   won ' t   win   any   michelin   stars ,    but   it   was   convenient .    the   location   is   not   the   best ,    but   we   never   felt   remotely   at   risk ,    and   i   would   stay   here   again   without   hesitation . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
rooms   are   ok ,    security   is   not    1  .    this   place   is   in   a   fairly   tough   part   of   town ,    which   i   knew   going   in .  2  .    it   was   the   cheapest   nice   hotel   close   to   the   convention   center   which   is   why   i   stayed .  3  .    i   got   a   upgrade   to   a   suite   because   of   my   gcc   status   so   i   don ' t   know   how   good / bad   the   regular   rooms   are .    my   room   was   fine ,    nothing   fancy   and   certainly   not   equal   to   any   marriott   or   hilton   property .  4  .    i   paid    $  1  3  6    vs   the    $  1  9  9    special   rate   at   the   hyatt   for   the   convention   and   i   though    ( before   getting   there )    the   difference   was   worth   it .  5  .    one   of   my   fellow   conventioneers   had   their   car   broken   into   as   well   as   one   other   car .    he   found   out   that   just   a   few   days   earlier   another   car   was   broken   into   as   well .  6  .    the   parking   is   outside   with   no   gate   or   security .     7  .    when   i   checked   out   early   i   told   the   front   desk   i   was   leaving   because   of   the   security   and   they   said   we   can ' t   control   that   we   are   downtown .     8  .    i   think   for   that   high   a   price   for   a   lowly   bw   they   could   afford   to   have   someone   watching   the   lot   at   night   especially   in   light   of   the   frequent   break - ins .     9  .    the   free   breakfast   is   nothing   more   than   bagels ,    juice   and   waffles .     1  0  .    the   shuttle   to   the   convention   center   was    $  4    and   to   the   airport   it   was    $  9  .    both   are   minutes   away .    i   can ' t   remember   the   last   time   i   paid   to   use   the   hotel   shuttle   and   i   found   it   very   cheap   on   the   hotels   part .  1  1  .    next   time   i   will   spend   the   extra   money   to   keep   my   car   safe . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
convienient   comfortable   business   travel   hotel   this   was   my   third   stay   in   two   months   and   i   have   noticed   a   continuing   trend   of   upgrades   and   service .    understand   the   property   is   under   new   management   and   it   really   shows .    prices   are   competitive   especially   against   the   downtown   megaprops   who   charge   you   for   standing   still   in   one   spot   too   long .    nice   little   bar   and   restaurant   on   site   and   easy   walking   distance   to   trendy   bistros    ( portland ' s   a   really   nice   hip   restaurant   is   immediately   next   door .  )    recommend   this   highly   for   the   seasoned   pheonix   road   warrior   or   warriorette . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
zero   for   customer   relations   it   seems   this   hotel   hasn ' t   improved   since   i   stayed   there   a   few   years   ago .    besides   experiencing   blocked   drains   and   cold   showers   upon   my   arrival ,    i   had   to   request   extra   towels   and   refreshments   all   week   as   the   housemaid   catered   for   only    2    people   in   a    3    share   room .    however   beware   their   accounting   practices ,    especially   non - usa   residents .    although   we   each ,    individually ,    paid   our   share   of   the   room   upon   departure ,    they   deducted   the   whole   amount   from   my   credit   card    ( details   of   which   had   been   taken   upon   reservation )  .    i   only   discovered   this   error   at   the   end   of   my   travels   and   by   then   the   dollar   had   dropped   considerably   in   value .    although   they   did   credit   the   excess   charged ,    i   ended   up   a $  1  0  0    out   of   pocket   because   of   the   exchange   rate .    i   wrote   serveral   letters   about   this   shortfall ,    finally   suggesting   compensation   on   the   grounds   of   illegally   withdrawing   more   than   i   authorized ,    but   all   to   no   avail .    perhaps   their   accounting   methods   have   since   changed   but   it   doesn ' t   alter   the   fact   that   i   and   others   in   our   convention   group   were   doublebilled ,    and   because   of   this   they   have   alienated   a   very   large   group   from   my   country . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
excellent   value   for   us   we   stayed   overnight   after   a   very   long   flight   to   phoenix   from   new   england .    the   hotel   is   a   straight   shot   from   the   airport   and   easy   to   find .    rail   construction   in   the   street   out   front   caused   some   backtracking ,    but   i   assume   that   is   finished   by   now .    parking   is   ample ,    although   you   do   have   to   walk   around   to   the   front   entrance   after   the   back   door   is   locked . the   hotel   has   been   undergoing   renovations ,    which   appeared   to   be   mostly   complete .    our   room   was   quite   large   and   spacious ,    and   very   comfortable .    we   ate   at   the   restaurant   on   premises ,    as   we   just   wanted   to   crash   after   the   flight ,    and   it   was   quite   decent . we   booked   this   stay   on   a   web   site   that   offered   a   very   good   rate   considering   the   excellent   room    -  -    i   forget   how   much   exactly   but   i   think   it   was   about    $  8  0  .    the   hotel   was   not   very   busy   at   that   time ,    and   i   observed   that   a   walk - in   customer   who   was   ahead   of   me   actually   got   an   even   lower   rate   than   i   did .    i   imagine   rate   flexibility   depends   on   what ' s   going   on   in   town ,    convention   business ,    etc ,    so   you   might   not   find   that   low   a   rate   all   the   time .    i   would   try   it   again ,    if   we   do   a   similar   itinerary . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
slightly   disappointed ,    but   still   a   good   stay .  .  .    we   were   in   town   for   a   baseball   game    -    made   reservations   at   this   hotel   because   of   the   good   rate   and   close   proximity   to   the   diamondbacks   ballpark . the   hotel   is   undergoing   renovations    -    the   lobby   was   ok ,    but   there   were   signs   of   construction   work   throughout   the   building .    new   hvac   units   were   taking   up   about    8    spots   in   the   parking   lot .    in   addition ,    there ' s   a   new   light   rail   line   being   constructed   right   in   front   of   this   hotel .    as   such ,    traffic   was   slightly   congested   and   it   was   hard   to   get   in   and   out   of   the   hotel   property . front   desk   staff   were   very   friendly   and   helpful ;    made   us   feel   very   welcome   to   their   property . room   was   very   large   and   accomodating   with   nice   furnishings   and   clean   carpet / bathroom .    no   complaints   at   all   on   the   room .    hallways   were   a   little   dark   with   low   ceilings .    elevators   looked   and   operated   as   if   they   were   a   little   tired .    maybe   they   are   going   to   be   a   part   of   the   renovations   as   well . bait      switch   warning !  !  !    when   we   made   reservations   at   this   hotel ,    we   were   told   there   was   a   complementary   shuttle   to   downtown   and   a   free   breakfast .    neither   held   true .    we   were   told   that   due   to   increased   costs   of   operating   a   shuttle ,    cost   was    $  4    per   person   one - way .    the   breakfast   layout   had   been   changed   from   a   free   continental   breakfast   to   a    $  8  .  9  9  / plate   buffet   breakfast .    had   we   known   about   these    2    things ,    we   quite   possibly   might   have   looked   at   a   different   hotel . |0.0	2.0	0.0	0.0
reasonably   comfortable ,    but   a   few   misses   we   spent   two   nights    4  /  2  7  2  8    at   this   property .    earlier   reviews   were   quite   complimentary   but   we   felt   painted   a   little   brighter   picture   than   we   found .    it   is   an   older   property   with   up - grading   in   process .    the   lobby   area   makes   a   very   good   impression   and   the   there   are   three   internet   sites   for   use   by   the   guests ,    good   idea !  .    everywhere   you   go   inside   and   out   there   are   two   to   three   steps   up   or   down .    only   one   cut   out   was   found   so   if   you   need   wheelchair   access   i   would   avoid   this   hotel .    the   double   room   we   had   was   pretty   basic   and   not   really   in   keeping   with   the   suite   theme .    it   was   nicly   decorated   and   equipped .    the   bath   had   not   been   upgraded .    it   was   small   and   all   white ,    and   lacked   a   soapdish   in   the   shower   and   no   grab   bars   with   a   rather   tricky   exit   required   out   of   the   shower / tub .    the   breakfast   was   average   despite   being   called   a   hot   buffet .    the   only   hot   items   were   scrambled   eggs ,    institution   style   and   some   very   good   hash   browns .    a   sausage   or   strip   of   bacon   woud   have   been   most   welcome .    they   did   offer   the   opportunity   to   make   your   own   waffles . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
loved   the   hotel   we   flew   into   phoenix   on   saturday .    we   arrived   at   the   hotel   around    5  :  3  0    p . m .    we   checked   in ,    was   given   our   room   and   to   our   surprise   and   theirs ,    it   wasn ' t   clean .    a   maintenance   worker   just   happened   to   be   there   when   we   found   the   room   in   a   mess .    he   immediately   contacted   the   front   desk .    they   were   so   embarrassed ,    the   owner   of   the   hotel   apologized   and   told   us   to   go   into   the   lounge   for   dinner   and   drinks    ( on   him )    while   we   waited   for   our   room   to   be   cleaned . the   rest   of   the   stay   was   excellent .    we   couldn ' t   have   asked   for   better   service .    every   morning   we   had   a   complimentary   continental   breakfast ,    the   van   was   always   available ,    the   staff   was   extremely   friendly   and   the   location   was   perfect .    we   will   stay   with   them   again . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
substandard   although   the   basic   functions   of   the   hotel   were   working    ( lights ,    roof ,    bed ,    bathroom )    this   hotel   is   clearly   working   through   significant   management   issues .    the   staff   were   very   friendly   but   clearly   untrained   and   overworked .    the   location   of   the   hotel   is   on   the   fringes   of   downtown   and   hiking   distance   to   museums .    i   did   not   feel   comfortable   walking   into   the   park   during   the   daytime   just   one   block   away   due   to   a   significant   homeless   population . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
very   disappointing   lots   of   services   promised   and   not   provided .    the   shuttle   wasn ' t   running ,    and   the   restaurant   was   closed   down    -    both   of   those   explained   to   me   with   because   business   is   low   right   now   around   the   holidays .    so   i   guess   you   should   make   sure   it ' s   going   to   be   busy   when   you   go !    the   business   center   has   been   taken   apart    -    the   front   desk   staff   did   not   know   if   it   was   going   to   be   back ,    since   they   had   no   idea   it   had   been   taken   apart   and   were   quite   shocked   to   find   out ,    when   they   tried   to   let   me   in   to   use   it .    vending   machines   were   out   of   everything   except   in   the   lobby .    staff   was   very   friendly   and   a   bit   embarrassed   about   everything   that   wasn ' t   available .    the   room   itself   was   fine .    could   be   a   nice   place   if   they   delivered   on   their   promises . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
friendly   staff   we   stayed   here   at   the   beginning   and   end   of   a   trip   to   arizona   so   we   were   here   during   two   differernt   weekends .    the   staff   was   extremely   helpful   and   friendly .    i   would   say   they   are   the   best   part   of   the   hotel !    an   elevator   was   broken   during   our   last   stay   and   it   was   most   annoying ,    but   did   not   greatly   impact   the   overall   experience .    we   found   the   place   quiet ,    the   complimentary   breakfast   a   notch   above   some   others   at   similar   chain   hotels ,    and   the   parking   adequate .    all   in   all   it   is   a   nice   and   affordable   spot   for   sightseeing   in   the   area . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
amazing   hotel   and   staff !  !  !    i   was   staying   in   phoenix   on   vacation   and   wanted   a   great   room   in   the   downtown   area .    this   hotel   was   perfect .    almost   every   room   has   an   incredible   view   of   the   city   skyline .    my   room   in   particular ,    overlooked   phoenix ' s   japanese   gardens ,    as   well   as   a   beautiful   park .    the   hotel   offers   a   free   shuttle   service   that   will   take   you   anywhere   you   need   to   go   within    3    miles .    trust   me ,    there   is   plenty   to   do   within    3    miles .    the   shuttle   will   also   take   you   to   the   airport .    the   room   itself   was   extremely   clean ,    and   had   excellent   climate   control ,    which   is   extremly   important   if   you   are   going   to   be   in   phoenix .    the   pool   and   spa   are   great   on   a   hot   day .    also ,    if   you   are   going   to   be   traveling   with   children ,    they   receive   complimentary   otis   spunkmeier   cookies   upon   check   in .    the   staff   here   was   incredibly   friendly   too .    i   had   read   previous   reviews   of   this   hotel   before   i   came   and   was   definitely   scared   however   all   of   the   negative   reviews   were   from   before   the   major   renovation / restaffing   the   hotel   undertook   last   year .    as   of   now ,    everything   in   the   hotel   is   practically   new .    i   am   definitely   going   to   stay   there   again   if   i   ever   return   to   phoenix ! |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
great   hotel ,    great   location ,    great   price   i   had   a   great   time   at   this   hotel   and   did   not   experience   any   of   what   the   bad   reviews   are   about .    the   staff   was   very   friendly   and   helpful ,    the   rooms   were   large   and   comfortable ,    the   free   breakfast   was   great ,    and   the   location   downtown   was   excellent .    the   free   shuttle   to   and   from   the   airport   saved   us   over    3  0    dollars   alone   in   taxi   cab   fare    ( phoenix   taxi   fares   are   ridiculously   expensive )    and   is   also   available   anywhere   downtown .    i   would   highly   recommend   this   hotel   to   anyone   wanting   to   stay   in   downtown   phoenix . |0.0	2.0	0.0	0.0
a   turnaround   hotel   i   was   wary   of   staying   at   the   hotel   after   reading   some   of   the   past   reviews ,    but   the   place   has   really   turned   itself   around   from   previous   visits .    the   staff   was   friendly ,    the   room   looked   brand   new ,    and   the   location   was   great . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
ugh !    i   agree   with   what   others   have   posted   here :    the   location   at   night   is   somewhat   seedy ,    and   the   folks   in   the   next   room   were   rather   noisy .    the   room   itself   was   okay ,    though   i   thought   slightly   overpriced .    dinner   at   their   restaurant   was   okay    -    overall ,    not   bad ,    not   good .    their   free   breakfast   offer   leaves    * a   lot *    to   be   desired :    a   modest   plate   of   scrambled   eggs ,    toast   and   potatoes    ( meat   was    $  1    extra ,    no   mention   of   seconds )  .    the   sign   propped   on   each   table   reminding   diners   tipping   not   included   was   tacky . the   staff   seemed   clueless   about   best   western   frequent   stay   credit    ( which   was   why   i   chose   them   in   the   first   place )  .    when   i   pressed   the   issue ,    the   clerk   printed   out   a   receipt    ( dot   matrix !  )  ,    dismissing   me   with   you   can   use   this   to   follow   up    [ if   you   need   to ]  . not   recommended . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
consider   someplace   else   toilet   ran   all   night   long ,    bath   towels   were   the   roughest   i ' ve   ever   experienced ,    only    3    tissues   left   in   the   tissue   box ,    carpet   stains ,    alot   of   noise   coming   from   other   rooms   after    1  1 pm . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
do   not   stay   here   my   family   had    5    rooms   at   this   hotel   for   one   night .    one   room   was   on   one   floor ,     3    were   on   another ,    and   the   last   was   way   up   top .    being   way   spread   out   would   have   been   ok   until   we   got   to   the   rooms .    all    4    lower   rooms   were    8  0    degrees   and   above .    we   were   assured   that   the   rooms   would   be   cool   by   the   time   we   got   back   from   our   concert .    after   the   concert   we   had   to   change    4    of   the   rooms   twice   trying   to   find   cooler   floors .    we   finally   gave   up   at    1  2  :  3  0    a . m .    with   a   room   that   was    7  7    degrees    -    still   too   warm .    and   the   room   did   not   even   have   a   shower   curtain !    i   understand   they   are   going   through   renovations ,    but   they   need   to   either   do   it   floor   by   floor   and   close   that   floor   or   close   the   entire   hotel   until   finished .    the   only   nice   thing   was   the   free   shuttle   to   america   west   arena . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
administrative   issues   the   best   western   executive   park   hotel   is   an   average   place   to   stay    ( though   a   bit   far   from   downtown )    with   a   substandard   management   team .    i ' ve   tried   to   obtain   a   receipt   for   my   stay   to   replace   one   i   lost   and   have   been   ignored .    there ' s   never   anyone   to   talk   to   from   management   and   phone   calls / e   mails   receive   no   response .    it ' s   not   a   recipe   for   another   stay . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
new   management   has   a   long   way   to   go   spent    5    days   on   business   travel   at   executive   park   hotel   in   phoenix .    took    2    days   and   several   calls   to   front   desk   to   engage   high   speed   internet   access .    never   could   make   a   local   call .    no   ice   machine   on   any   of   the   floors   was   operational .    coffee   maker   leaked   all   over   countertop .    last   week ' s   tv   guide   in   room   for    3    days .    coffee   packet   not   replaced   after   first   day ' s   use .    outrageous   noises   in   room   across   hall   after   a   big   saturday   night   event   in   the   city ,    spilling   into   the   hall   until   wee   small   hours   of   the   morning .    first   night ' s   dinner :    we   were   the   only   party   served   in   the   dining   room .    next   evening ,    we   were   the   only   party   at   the   bar .    all   front   desk   employees   and   newly   trained   bartender   were   most   accommodating .    joseph   was   a   one - man   band :    changing   lightbulbs ,    registering   guests ,    schlepping   bags ,    etc .    hard   to   tell   who   was   in   charge .    bed   linens   were   worn .    bed   was   comfy .    just   one   fry   short   of   a   happy   meal ,    in   my   estimation . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
executive   hotel ?     -    not   executive   location   the   best   western   executive   park   hotel   advertises   it ' s   amenities    ( none   of   which   were   operational   during   my    5    night   stay )    and   proximity   to   the   civic   center   where   my   conference   was   being   held .    when   i   spoke   with   the   hotel   prior   to   booking ,    i   was   told   that   the   hotel   was   a   couple   of   blocks   and   within   walking   distance   of   the   civic   center .    i   walked   it   the   first   time   and   would   never   do   it   again .    not   only   was   it   more   than   a   mile   walk ,    but   it   was   a   walk   through   a   less   than   desireable   part   of   downtown .    therefore ,    i   opted   to   pay   unexpected   taxi   charges   to   guarantee   my   safety   and   state   of   mind .    the   room   i   stayed   in   and   it ' s   amenities   was   very   nice .    the   hotel   staff   and   restaurant / bar   staff   were   great .  .  .  .    although   the   front   desk   was   oddly   unmanned   upon   my   checkout    ( i   waited   about    1  5    min .    then   left   to   catch   my   flight )  .    strange   hugh ?  ?  ?  ?    in   a   nutshell ,    my   stay   was   less   than   i   expected   by   way   of   hotel   amenities   that   i   felt   i   paid   for   and   very   disappointing   in   locale .    if   i   could   have   moved   hotels   mid   conference .  .  . i   would   have . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
tr茅s   bonne   hotel .          showreview (  2  2  2  7  2  9  1  2  ,     ' full '  )  ; |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
arriv茅e   aux   usa         showreview (  1  1  6  6  0  1  0  4  ,     ' full '  )  ; |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
