a   pretty   nice   place   it   isn ' t   a   resort      it   is   a   little   old   but   it   isn ' t   priced   like   a   resort .    the   room   was   fair   sized      the   bath   a   little   small .    the   place   is   well   maintained ,    breakfast   is   well   above   average      the   afternoon   wine      snacks   are   free .    staff   is   abundant   and   attentive .    our   room   faced   the   street   but   i   must   sleep   well   as   i   noticed   no   noise   problem .    the   location   is   fairly   central   but   not   in   walking   distance   of   anything ,    but   few   places   in   phoenix   are .    you   are   going   to   drive   a   lot   unless   you   are   staying   in   a   resort      don ' t   leave . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
pleasant   stay   stayed    3    nights   in   a   king   facing   the   pool .    i   am   familiar   with   this   hotel   as   my   family   lives   down   the   street   and   we   have   had   relatives   stay   there   previously .    checked   in   at    1  :  0  0 a   and   the   front   desk   clerk   was   sleeping .    when   he   woke   up   he   was   very   helpful .    room   was   on   the    2 nd   floor   and   there   are   no   lifts .    plenty   of   parkingthe   room   was   very   nice   and   in   good   condition   and   the   bed   was   very   comfortable .    the   wireless   worked .    there   is   wired   in   the   wall   if   you   need   it .    single   cup   coffee   maker ,    micro ,    fridge ,    hairdryer .    towels   are   not   abundant   here .    you   usually   get    2    bath ,     2    hand ,    and    1    washcloth .    on   some   days   the   maid   would   do   pretty   designs   with   the   towels ,    kleenex   and   tp .    no   smoky   smell   in   this   room .    we   had   some   toilet   issues   and   they   were   right   on   it .    it   was   never   totally   repaired   but   it   was   bearable .    there   is   a   gap   under   the   door   so   if   you   are   light   sensitive   put   something   down   there .    the   breakfast   and   social   room   is   near   the   lobby   and   is   definitely   showing   some   wear .    the   breaky   food   was   good   and   there   was   plenty   of   it .    it   would   be   nice   if   they   rotated   some   items   for   variety .    if   they   are   having   a   meeting   they   block   off   half   the   room   so   seating   can   get   scarce .    a   lot   of   people   would   take   food   back   to   their   rooms .    social   reception   from    5  -  6  3  0 p   daily   with   wine ,    beer ,    soft   drinks ,    popcorn   and   chips .    the   pool   was   in   constant   use   during   the   day   and   some   people   were   using   the   bbq .    there   is   a   vending   area   with   a   couple   of   washer   and   dryers   and   pop / snack   machines .    the   hotel   is   an   acceptable   drive   to   the   airport   but   there   are   many   closer   if   you   need   that .    there   is   good   pub   grub   at   gallagher鈥檚   down    1  6 th   and   for   mexican   at   ajo   al鈥檚   further   south .    fresh   and   easy   market   at    1  2 th   and   northern   and   a   safeway   at    7 th   and   glendale .    this   hotel   if   perfectly   fine   and   we   will   definitely   stay   here   again   as   it   much   less   expensive   than   the   pointe   down   the   street . |0.0	2.0	0.0	0.0
loved   this   hotel   overall   we   loved   this   hotel .    we   stayed   there   the   day   we   flew   in   and   then   the   night   before   we   flew   out .    it   was   close   to   the   airport .    the   hotel   staff   was   very   friendly ,    the   rooms   were   very   clean ,    both   times .    the   rooms   were   quiet .    the   pool   was   great   and   quiet   both   times ,    loved   the   lighted   palm   trees   at   night .    the   breakfast   buffet   was   unbelievable ,    everything   you   could   imagine   and   a   wonderful   lady   taking   care   of   it .    the    2 nd   night   we   stayed   there   we   had   a   king   jacuzzi   suite .    awesome   suite ,     2    bathrooms ,    sinks   and   showers   seperated   by   french   doors .    also    2    flat   sceen   tvs   and   lots   of   space   in   each   room .    the   only   complaint   i   had   is   that   our   suite   smelled   like   smoke   and   it   was   a   non   smoking   suite .    we   turned   on   both   air   conditioners   to   get   rid   of   the   smell   and   it   wouldn ' t   go   away .    i   would   highly   recommend   the   hotel ,    great   location ,    great   service ,    good   value . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
nice   pool ,    old   hotel   stayed   here   in   february    2  0  0  8    for   three   nights .    it   was   centrally   located   for   the   business   and   restaurants   we   frequented   while   attending   a   conference ;    however   it   was   not   as   nice   as   the   pictures   lead   you   to   believe .    the   pool   area   is   nice ,    but   what   hotel   in   phoenix   doesn ' t   have   a   nice   pool ? all   the   doors   for   each   room   are   on   the   outside ,    and   that   leads   to   high   noise   levels ,    especially   since   the   hotel   sits   at   a   busy   intersection .    our   particular   room   sat   right   on   the   road ,    and   it   was   noisy   all   night !    the   staff   was   nice ,    and   allowed   us   to   hang   out   in   the   breakfast   eating   area   most   of   the   night   playing   some   no - money   poker .    i ' d   rather   pay   a   little   more   money ,    and   stay   somewhere   less   noisy   next   time   i   travel   to   phoenix ! |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
two   nights    -     $  4  0    difference   in   price   we   stayed   here   two   nights ,    at   the   beginning   and   end   of   our   trip   to   arizona .    despite   booking   the   hotel   on - line   well   in   advance   i   got   two   different   rates    $  1  1  6    for   the   first   night ,     $  1  5  2    for   the   second    +    tax .    i ' d   say   that   the   first   rate   is   closer   to   the   real   value   of   the   room    -    we   debated   looking   for   another   less   expensive   hotel   for   the   last   night   and   canceling   the   second   reservation   but   didn ' t   want   to   go   through   the   hassle ,    especially   since   we   were   traveling   with   a   baby . what   you   get   for   your   money    -    convenient   location   close   to   i 5  1    but   not   close   enough   to   hear   the   traffic .    easy    3  0    minute   drive   to   the   airport   or   car   rental   drop   off .    good   quality ,    clean   rooms ,    comfortable   beds ,    excellent   breakfast    ( already   described   in   detail   in   other   reviews )  .    good   area . we   were   upgraded   on   our   first   night   to   a   two   room   suite    ( because   they   were   overbooked )    which   came   equipped   with   two   washrooms    ( one   wheelchair   accessible )  ,    flat   screen   tvs ,    fold   out   couch   bed .    very   nicely   done .    only   complaint   would   be   that   the   view   was   the   stairwell   heading   up   to   the   second   floor   and   several   mattresses   that   were   being   stored (  ?  )    there .    on   our   second   night   we   had   a   standard   room   with   a   single   king   bed    -    also   very   nice    ( but   not   worth   the   extra    $  4  0    we   paid )  .    we   overlooked   the   pool   and   the   jacuzzi   was   running   all   night .    front   desk   staff   were   very   helpful   and   had   good   recommendations   for   restaurants    - you ' re   within   walking   distance    ( about    1    mile )    from   several   restaurants    -    try   carlos   o ' brien ' s .    a   crib   was   requested   and   a   playard   was   provided    -    mattress   too   hard   for   a   baby   to   sleep   on . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
great   hotel   came   for   spring   training .    price   was   a   little   higher   than   last   year   but   alot   of   work   has   gone   on .    now   triple   sheeting   and   flat   screen   tv   and   ipod   clock   radio . great   pool   area   with   flowers .    area   is   a   little   noisy   but   stay   in   the   back   or   near   the   front   desk   for   quiet . free   drinks   in   evening   were   a   nice   touch .    didn ' t   realize   that   when   booking .    free   wifi   was   great   so   could   work   while   relaxed   on   bed   without   having   to   sit   at   desk . free   breakfast   was   more   than   i   could   dream   of   or   need .    they   had   waffles ,    eggs ,    potatoes ,    bacon ,    bananas ,    yogurt   and   juice   and   coffee . overall   great   stay . |0.0	2.0	0.0	0.0
doubtful   for   another   visit   start   with   the   positives :    housekeeping   service   was   first - rate   and   the   hotel   location   is   convenient .    the   king   non - smoking   room   had   a   comfortable   bed   and   a   plasma - tv   and   couch   for    $  1  5  0  / single .    the   room   had   both   refrigerator / microwave . shower   and   bathtub   were   better   than   average . continuing   with   the   negatives :    no   morning   newspaper   at   your   door    -    in   fact   usually   no   newspaper   on   the   premises   in   the   late   morning ,    at   all .    breakfast   room   small   and   usually   crowded   with   no   pastries    -    had   to   settle   for   banana / yogurt .    coffeemaker   in   room   was   the   one - cup - only   variety   rather   than   the   usual    (  4  - cup )    pot .    location   of   hotel   is   intersection   of   two    ( northern       1  6 th   street )    heavily   traveled   and   noisy   roads    -    ask   for   a   room   facing   the   back   of   the   property .    request   for   a   third   bath   towel   daily   was   ignored .    registration   staff   was   uninterested . bottomline :    aside   from   proximity   to   a   convenient   freeway ,    thisfacility   has   little   to   offer . |0.0	-2.0	0.0	0.0
we   always   stay   here   in   phoenix !    innsuites   of   phoenix   on   northern   blvd   near    1  6 th   street   is   where   we   always   stay   when   in   the   phoenix   area .    this   time   due   to   a   coupon   we   had   received   from   them ,    we   were   able   to   upgrade   to   a   suite   that   had   a   separate   bedroom   with   two   double   beds   and   a   living   room   with   sofa   bed .    there   were   two   bathrooms   so   the   person   in   the   lr   could   use   the   bathroom    ( with   full   tub / shower )    without   waking   up   those   in   the   bedroom .    we   were   there   just   one   night   so   didn鈥檛   have   time   to   take   advantage   of   the   small   kitchen ,    or   outdoor   swimming   pool .    innsuites   has   a   great   free   breakfast   room ,    the   best   we鈥檝e   seen ,    with   waffles ,    hot   and   cold   cereals ,    eggs ,    hashbrowns ,    fruit ,    yogurt ,    etc .    they   also   have   free   computer   use   for   the   internet   in   the   lobby ,    which   is   very   handy   for   those   not   bringing   their   own   laptops .    the   sofabed   was   uncomfortable   for   an   older   adult   with   arthritis ,    although   it   would   have   been   fine   for   a   kid .    this   hotel   is   quiet   because   not   next   to   a   freeway ,    and   is   convenient   from   the   airport ,    just   take   hwy    5  1    north   to   northern .    close   to   foothills   and   parks   for   hiking . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
pretty   nice ,    clean ,    convenient   needed   a   place   before   we   flew   home .    close   to   the   airport   and   restaurants .    breakfast   was   healthy    ( limited )    and   the   free   reception   was   a   nice   touch .    pool   towels   were   skimpy ,    but   big   deal ,    take   two .    nice   desk   folks .    what   we   expected . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
ok   for   the   price .  .  .  1  5    minutes   to   airport   not   a   bad   hotel .  .  . but   really   short   on   towels .    the   pool   towels   are   like   face   clothes   and   more   than   a   little   tired .    the   room   was   nice   andtidy ,    but   keep   your   shoes   on .    the   carpets   are   a   little   dirty .    nice   happy   hour   and   not   bad   breakfast .    hot   tub   air   jets   broken   pool   jets   broken   but   both   clean .    the   area   was   nice   and   safe   for   out - of - towners . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
skip   this   place   we   just   got   back   from   phoenix   where   we   had   stayed   at   this   hotel   for   four   nights .    normally   we   stay   at   hampton   inns   but   wanted   to   be   in   the   squaw   peak   area   and   thus   decided   to   stay   here .    right   from   check - in   we   should   have   known   what   to   expect .    we   arrived   too   early   to   check   in   but   since   we   travel   very   often   we   knew   it   was   possible   to   leave   your   baggage   there   until   check - in .    while   initially   the   staff   was   rude ,    the   gentleman   finally   agreed   to   have   us   leave   our   luggage   and   said   it   would   be   in   our   rooms   when   we   checked   back   in   later .    of   course   it   was   not   in   the   room   and   we   were   on   the   second   floor   and   no   elevator !    we   are   in   our    6  0 s   and   this   was   not   convenient   for   either   my   husband   or   me .    breakfast   is   boring   with   the   same   thing   every   day ,    not   like   hampton   inns   that   vary   the   menu .    the   air   conditioning   did   not   function   well ,    the   water   in   the   tub   did   not   drain   out   so   that   when   taking   a   shower   you   were   up   to   your   knees   in   water .    when   we   arrived   and   i   asked   where   one   could   go   to   check   on   e - mails ,    as   had   been   advertised   in   their   listing   service   available   in   the   business   center ,    they   told   me   it   was   down   and   not   expected   to   be   up   until   monday .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . this   was   sat .    on   monday   when   i   checked   again   i   was   told   still   not   up   until   tuesday .    one   couple   standing   at   the   desk   when   i   asked   that   question   and   heard   this ,    turned   on   their   heal   and   left   as   this   was   a   businessman   who   needed   that   service .    very   inconvenient .    still   not   up   when   we   left   on   wednesday .    maintenance   is   terrible .  .  .  .  .  . lot   of   evidence   that   the   place   has   been   let   go .    breakfast   area   is   very   small .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . as   is   the   pool .  .  .  .  .  .  . and   with   a   tendency   to   cater   to   kids '    traveling   sports   teams ,    you   are   lucky   to   find   a   spot   to   sit .    this   is   the   second   time   we   have   encountered   this   with   a   best   western   and   will   never   stay   at   one   again .    hampton   inns   much   better .    skip   this   place .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
good   motel ,    poor   location   we   stayed   at   this   hotel   for   four   nights .    my   overall   sense   is   that   this   was   a   good   motel ,    comparatively   inexpensive .    pros :     -    comparatively   inexpensive -    microwave ,    refrigerator ,    coffee   maker   in   room -    decent    ( but   repetitive )    breakfast   included   in   price    ( wafles ,    scrambled   eggs ,    cereal ,    etc .  )  -    free   internet   access    ( including   printing )    from   lobby -    nice   staffcons :     -    average   room   size .     -    very   limited   space   to   hang   clothesmy   biggest   problem   was   the   location .    it   was   far   away   from   all   the   sites   i   wanted   to   see . m . |0.0	3.0	0.0	0.0
good   service   but   rude   desk   clerk   oct .     7  ,     2  0  0  6    i   arrived   at   the   hotel   and   went   to   the   front   desk   to   check   in . the   desk   clerk   was   checking   my   information   in   the   computer   and   i   asked   her   if   there   were   any   suites   available   as   i   had   called   the   hotel   a   week   before   my   arrival   and   and   was   assured   that   i   could   upgrade   to   a   suite . she   immediately   began   to   yell   that   if   i   wanted   an   upgrade   i   would   have   to   pay   for   it .    when   i   went   to   my   room ,    i   took   the   aaa   tour   book   back   to   the   desk   and   showed   her   where   it   specifically   stated   that   the   reservation   could   be   upgraded   if   a   suite   was   available   and   it   would   be   free   of   charge . the   same   desk   clerk   started   to   yell   again   stating   that   she   had   told   me   when   i   called   that   i   could   upgrade   for   a   charge   and   that   was   her   rules .    in   fact   i   had   spoken   to   a   gentleman   when   i   had   called   the   week   before ,    i   never   spoke   to   a   lady .    i   asked   her   why   she   was   raising   her   voice   and   if   this   was   the   way   she   spoke   to   guests .    she   completely   ignored   me   and   just   kept   on   yelling . i   asked   to   speak   to   the   manager   and   she   told   me   she   was   the   manager   when   in   fact   the   manager ' s   name   was   clearly   displayed   on   the   wall . she   walked   away   from   the   desk   and   the   manager   came   to   assist   me   about    1  0    mins .    later . this   incident   was   very   humiliating   as   other   guests   were   present .    i   am   writing   this   review   because   this   kind   of   behavior   was   totally   unacceptable   and   hopefully   no   other   guests   will   be   treated   in   this   manner . overall   service   was   great   and   the   staff   as   a   whole   were   very   courteous   and   helpful . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
convenient   and   clean   have   stayed   in   a   wide   range   of   hotels    -     2    star   to    5    star   so   generally   i   have   my   expectations   managed .    this   bw   was   actually   a   little   above   expectations ;    part   of   that   might   have   to   do   with   the   fact   that   we   arrived   fairly   early   to   check   in    -    around   noon    -    and   they   had   a   room   ready   and   upgraded   us   to   a   suite   on   the    7 th   floor .    now ,    it   was   a   suite   at   a   best   western ,    but   still   nice   to   have   the   extra   space .    convenient   to   downtown   although   with   the   light   rail   construction   that ' s   going   on   in   and   around   the   city ,    need   to   plan   a   little   extra   time .    plenty   of   extra   parking   although   none   of   it   is   covered ,    so   don ' t   leave   anything   in   your   car   if   you ' re   there   over   the   summer   or   it   will   be   cooked !    definitely   also   recommend   the   restaurant   zen   which   is   a   couple   miles   north   on   central   ave   and   recently   opened .    fitness   center   is   a   bit   of   a   joke ,    but   the   pool ,    although   small ,    was   clean   and   had   ample   seating    ( lounge   chairs   and   tables )  . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
great   place   to   stay   recently   renovated   rooms   are   above   average    - especially   when   you   consider   the   price !    beds   are   very   comfy   with   pillowtop   mattresses .    complimentary   breakfast   includes   eggs   and   hashbrowns ,    cereals ,    and   toast / bagels .    laundry   facilities   make   this   a   great   choice   for   extended   stays .    nearby   dreamy   draw   park   and   aunt   chilada ' s   restaurant   are   bonuses .    great   choice   for   the   frugal   traveler ! |0.0	3.0	0.0	0.0
highly   recommend   this   is   not   a   fancy   resort ,    but   it   has   all   the   aces   and   for   less   than    1  0  0    bucks   during   season ,    it ' s   an   excellent   value .    beds   very   comfortable ,    free   internet ,    attentive   staff ,    nice   breakfast   and   little   extras . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
everything   you   need   stayed    9    days   in   phoenix   but   only   three   nights   at   this   hotel .    wished   we   had   booked   our   whole   stay   here .    staff   very   friendly   and   available .    any   time   we   requested   something   it   was   attended   to   right   away .    rooms   clean .    bonus   is   the   breakfast ,    social   time   and   the    3    computers   in   the   lobby .    would   definately   stay   here   again .    thanks   david ,    pamela   and   mila . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
awesome   full   breakfast   every   morning !  !  !  !  !  !    my   husband   and   i   stayed   here   for    7    nights   from   nov .     1  1 th   to   nov .     1  8 th ,     2  0  0  5    in   a   king   suite .    the   room   was   extremely   clean   in   every   way !    the   maid   staff   was   sure   to   keep   it   spotless   and   restocked   every   morning .    the   room   had   a   microwave ,    coffemaker ,    hairdryer ,    bottled   water   replenished   each   day ,    a   small   fridge ,    the   sheets   and   pillowcases   very   soft   and   new   pillowtop   matress   was   lovely .    we   did   our   laundry   here   and   took   advantage   of   the   vending   machines   each   night   for   snacks .    too   cold   for   the   pool   and   hot   tub ,    but   we   saw   family ' s   taking   advantage ,    looked   really   neat      clean .    best   of   all ,    the   breakfast   off   the   lobby   is   worth   your   while   not   to   skip !    eggs ,    toast ,    hash   browns ,    make   your   own   waffle   station ,    yogurt ,    coffee ,    cereal ,    the   works !    for   excellent   coffee ,    drive   one   block   into   corporate   area   for   specialty   shops ,    gas ,    great   chinese   food   and   banks .    lobby   has    3    computers   with   internet   access    ( beware   the   firewalls   that   keep   you   from   checking   email ,    had   to   find   barnes   and   noble   to   check   mine ,    only   drawback )    and   a   nice   fireplace ,    staff   is   very   helpful   and   friendly .    free   maps   at   front   desk   and   loads   of   direction   help .    the   pictures   on   line   don ' t   do   it   justice ,    much   nicer   than   we   expected .    highly   recommend ,    don ' t   hesitate   on   this   one ! |0.0	2.0	0.0	0.0
traveling   with   a   toddler   stayed   at   the   inn   suites   beginning   of   may .    we   were   looking   for   a   budget   hotel   and   i   got   an   awesome   deal   on   the   best   western   site .     (  4  9  .  0  0    a   night )    good   points :    room   was   clean   and   comfortable   what   you   would   expect .    note :    we   traveled   with   a    2    year   old   and   there   was   no   room   for   a   crib /    playpen   with   the   two   queen   beds .    this   proved   problematic   as   she   was   in / out   of   bed !  !  !    therefore   keep   this   in   mind   before   you   order   two   queens !    good :    free   breakfast   in   am    -    you   make   waffles   yummy ,    lots   of   juice ,    cereal ,    and   other   goodies .    unfortunately   the   breakfast   room   was   small   and   often   cramped ,    as   well   you   may   have   to   wait   for   your   turn   at   the   waffle   cooker .    good :    staff   where   polite   and   offered   travel   tips .    good :    first   wed   of   month   they   have   a   free   bbq    ( hamburgers )    looked   ok   but   we   skipped   it .    not   so   good :    pool   was   not   the   cleanest    -    scum   around   edge   of   pool .    hot   tub   either   bath   tub   temp .    or   too   hot ?    also   pool   is   located   around   the   parking   lot .  .  . therefore   not   the   most   relaxing ,    private   or   scenic .    not   so   good :    no   place   to   sit   outside   room .    there   is   a   little   deck ,    and   pool   area   but   we   had   to   stay   close   to   our   room   when   our   daughter   was   sleeping .    we   sat   on   cement   railing   and   were   in   the   way   of   cleaning   staff . advice :    if   you   are   traveling   with   kids ,    especially   young   ones    -    stay   at   a   resort   with   lots   of   amenities !    you   do   not   want   to   be   putting   kids   in / out   of   hot   cars   trying   to   find   a   place   to   eat   or   an   activity   to   do .    not   relaxing ! also :    avoid   tempe   town   lake    -    not   much   there !    water   park   at   zoo   fun   choice !    lots   of   shade ! avoid   at   all   costs :    forgot   the   name   but   it   is   a   cowboy   steakhouse   in   the   hills   of   phoenix .    they   cut   off   ties   and   hang   them   from   ceiling ? terrible    -     $  5  0    meal    -    poor   steak    -    with   potato   chips ,    store   bought   bread   and   one   bowl   of   beans   to   share ?  ?  ?  ? would   i   go   back   to   phoenix ?    yes ,    with   my   husband    ( maybe   with   an   older   more   independant   child   that   could   play   at   pool   by   herself )    and   a   lot   of    $  $  .    to   enjoy   shopping   which   is   very   very   ritz   and   to   have   spa   treatment   ect . |0.0	2.0	0.0	0.0
terrible   hotel   there   were   not   parking   lot   available   for   hotel   guests .    the   hotel   should   have   informed   us   that   they   are   having   construction   work   done   on   the   premise .    the   construction   work   permitted   us   to   find   parking   spaces .    the   construction   noises   started   by    6  :  3  0    in   the   morning .    both   phones   in   the   hotel   room   do   not   work .    the   carpet   looks   dirty . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
will   stay   here   again   it ' s   not   deluxe   accomodations ,    but   it ' s   just   fine .    i ' ve   stayed   in    3    star   hotels   that   were   worse .    the   thing   i   liked   is   that   it   had   all   the   amenities   i   wanted :    high   speed   internet   access   in   your   room   at   no   cost ,    free   breakfast    ( and   a   very   good   one    -    not   just   the   typical   continental )  ,    fax   service    ( n / c )  ,    nice   pool   and   spa ,    good   location .    and   two   drinks    ( beer ,    wine ,    soda )    every   afternoon    -    again   n / c .    the   bed   was   great .    quiet .    m / w   and   fridge   in   the   room .    for   the   price ,    it ' s   a   great   deal .    i   will   stay   here   again . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
ok   but   expected   better   from   the   look   of   the   hotel   on   various   websites ,    i   expected   a   nice   hotel   with   suites    ( hence   the   name )  .    however ,    our   room   was   a   normal   hotel   room   with   a   microwave   in   it .    not   what   i   expected   for   what   i   paid .    the   breakfast   was   a   nice   addition   and   the   rooms   were   clean .    i   would   imagine   that   the   pool   and   barbeque   area   are   very   nice   in   good   weather . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
gerne   wieder         showreview (  1  6  5  8  8  9  2  8  ,     ' full '  )  ; |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
