extremely   reasonable   for   the   price   paid .    excellent   service .    i   was   there    3    nights   for   a   conference   and   am   giving   it    5    stars ,    as   it   was   quite   reasonably   priced   for   what   we   received .    the   staff   was   friendly   overall .    of   course ,    it ' s   not   the   four   seasons ,    but   the   stay   was   pleasant .  .  .  .    airport   shuttle   service   was   convenient   as   i   chose   not   to   rent   a   car   during   this   trip .    no   complaints   about   the   room ,    pretty   clean .    i   went   to   the   lunch   buffet   twice   and   had   a   nice   meal   and   again   at   very   reasonable   price .    there   was   a   few   restaurants   within   walking   distance   to   eat   at   as   well .    the   conference / banquet   room   was   great .    very   accomodating ,    good   acoustics ,    clean .    not   sure   where   the   location   was   in   reference   to   tourist   spots ,    etc .  .  .  . but   for   a   local   conference ,    it   was   perfect . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
old   but   clean   stayed   one   night   at   grace   inn   in   phoenix   for   work .    had   the   pleasure   of   staying   in   a   suite   on   the    6 th   floor ,    a   private   floor .    the   room   was   large   and   clean ,    but   clearly   looked   like   an   older   property   that   went   through   a   makeover ,    with   some   key   areas   not   updated    ( hallways   and   lobby )  . the   location   is   very   convenient ,    just   of   i 1  0    with   a   mcdonalds   restaurant   in   front   and   other   restaurants   close   by .    the   hotel   has   a   bar   also .    ask   to   stay   at   the   mountain   side   of   the   hotel   instead   of   the   highway   side .    i   stayed   on   the   highway   side   and   the   road   noise   from   i 1  0    was   rather   distracting    ( i   like   to   sleep   with   open   windows    -    there   is   no   noise   with   the   windows   closed )  . this   isn ' t   the   level   of   property   i   like   to   stay   in ,    but   the   friendly   staff ,    convenient   location   and   price   point   makes   up   for   some   of   the   short   comings . |0.0	3.0	0.0	0.0
great   hotel   great   hotel ,    economic    (  $  8  1 prpn )  .    rooms   clean ,    king   size   bed ,    microwave ,    coffee   maker   etc ,    fridge ,    free   broadband .    decent   size   pool   and   jacuzi   with   towels   loungers   and   chairs .    ok ,    we   had   to   take   care   of   getting   baggage   to   our   own   room ,    but   i   am   sure   that   if   that   had   been   a   problem   the   hotel   would   have   helped .    hotel   shuttle   bus    ( and   drivers    )    great .    take   you   anywhere   within    5    miles   of   hotel   and   collect   you !  !    this   meant   we   could   visit   sights   and   resteraunts   etc .  ,    within   that   area .    the   only   time   we   hired   a   car   was   at   the   weekend   at    $  3  5    per   day   x    3    full   days   all   incl . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
two   night   stay .    nice   view   my   fiance   and   i   stayed   there   for   two   nights   at   the   end   of   february . the   good . nice   view   from   our   balcony . convenient   location . many   things   around   like   lifetime   fitness ,    restaurants ,    i -  1  0  ,    we   paid   only    $  9  9    per   night   for   two   nights ,    so   that   wasn ' t   bad . had   a   nice   little   buffet   breakfast   in   the   morning . pool   was   nice   and   was   heated . staff   was   very   friendly   and   accomodating   and   gave   us   directions   to   a   joyce   meyer   conference   which   was   about    3  0    minutes   away .    very   helpful . the   bad . seemed   like   it   could   have   a   nice   cleaning . our   room   was   somehow   connected   to   another   room    ( which   we   didn ' t   want   or   realize   at   first .    our   first   night   there   no   one   was   in   the   room   next   to   us ,    but   the   next   night   people   were   there )  . that   it   made   it   very   uncomfortable   when   we   could   hear   and   see   the   shadows   of   the   peoples   feet   next   to   us   under   the   door .    it ' s   a   good   thing   they   weren ' t   doing   anything ,     ( at   least   we   couldn ' t   hear )    uggghhh !    otherwise   we   would   have   asked   to   switch   rooms   immediately .    they   shouldn ' t   give   you   suites   unless   you   actually   pay   for   that ,    otherwise   it   makes   for   uncomfortable   situations . overall ,    probably   wouldn ' t   stay   there   again ,    because   there   are   so   many   other   options   in   the   phoenix   area ,    but   for   our   experience   it   was   fun   and   were   glad   we   picked   it . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
grace   inn   i   attended   a   conference   at   the   best   western   grace   inn   and   conference   center   at   ahwatukee   in   phonix   last   week .    first ,    the   good   parts .  .  . the   public   areas   at   the   hotel   were   really   quite   nice ,    and   the   conference   rooms   had   the   unique   feature   of   opening   on   to   the   pool / patio   area .    with   absolutely   fabulous   weather ,    we   had   those   doors   open   all   day   and   night ,    and   it   was   such   a   nice   departure   from   the   usual ,    closed   in ,    conference   atmosphere .    the   pool   area   was   quite   nice   and   it   looked   like   the   restroom   in   the   lobby   had   been   recently   remodeled . now   for   the   not   so   good .  .  . the   rooms   needed   some   updating   badly .    it   was   a   sparcely   furnished ,    huge   room   with   a   flat ,    planklike   bed ,    a   small   sofa   and   a   chair ,    a   desk   and   a   tv   cabinet ,    and   even   with   all   of   that   in   there ,    the   place   seemed   cavernously   empty .    old ,    old   drapes   and   bedspread ,    and   in   that   whole   humongous   room ,    one   teeny   little   picture   on   the   wall   made   it   look   uncomfortably   spartan .    the   whole   room   slanted   towards   one   wall ,    and   one   morning   when   i   opened   up   my   drapes   a   bit   past   the   window ,    i   found   a   huge   crack   in   the   wall .    seems   like   the   whole   place   is   on   it ' s   way   to   toppling ! my   friends   had   a   room   that   slanted   even   more   than   mine .  .  .    one   of   them   had   trouble   staying   on   her   bed   without   sliding   out . another   friend   had   a   shower   head   that   was   hanging   off   the   wall . on   arrival ,    the   main   elevators   in   the   lobby   weren ' t   working   and   it   took   most   of   the   next   day   for   them   to   be   fixed .  .  .    so   we   had   to   use   the   freight   elevator   to   get   our   stuff   up   to   our   rooms . the   restaurant   takes   the   prize   for   the   world ' s   worst   breakfast   buffet   and   service .    one   morning   i   sat   there   for    2  0    minutes   and   no   one   even   came   around   for   a   drink   order .    no   coffee .  .  .    thank   heavens   i   was   able   to   scrounge   some   up   at   the   conference . if   you ' re   attending   a   conference ,    there   really   isn ' t   too   much   in   the   way   of   lodging   close   by .  .  .    there ' s   a   hotel   accross   the   highway ,    but   it ' s   a   very   busy   highway ,    sort   of   like   a   freeway ,    actually ,    so   it   wouldn ' t   really   be   convenient   to   stay   elsewhere .    there   are ,    however ,    several   restaurants   within   walking   distance .    if   it ' s   not   your   vacation ,    you   can   tough   it   out   for   a   couple   of   nights   for   a   conference .  .  .    but   if   you ' re   considering   this   place   for   a   vacation    -    i ' d   stay   elsewhere ! |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
pay   extra   and   stay   somewhere   else   this   has   to   be   the   worst   hotel   i   have   ever   stayed   in !    and   i   was   there    2  0    days   on   business   needless   to   say   i   didnt   pay   for   it !    their   was   no   hot   water !    the   beds   are   very   hard . the   staff   was   friendly .    no   wifi   only   in   the   hotel   lobby . if   you   get   a   suite   with   a   stove   dont   except   dishes ,    pots   and   pans   they   do   not   provide   them   you   have   to   buy   your   own . pay   the    2  0    extra   and   stay   somewhere ' s   else|0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
ok   for   the   money   location   is   great ,    convenient   to   i -  1  0  ,    tempe   and   south   mountain .    hotel   is   clean ,    but   showing   its   age ,    and   has   some   minor   maintenance   issues .    for   example   the   bathroom   exhaust   fan   only   worked   intermittently ,    and   looked   like   it   was   going   to   fall   out   of   the   ceiling .    it   took   several   minutes    (  5  +  )    to   get   hot   water   on   the    5 th   floor .    most   mornings   the   shower   was   cold .    the   hotel   staff ,    although   friendly   and   helpful ,    seemed   in   denial   that   we   could   possibly   have   problems   with   hot   water .    they   did   agree   to   turn   it   up   and   we   finally   had   our   hottest   shower   on   the   last   day .    for   some   reason   housekeeping   shorted   us   on   towels   and   coffiee   packets   on   occasion . we   had   a   one - bedroom   suite ,    which   was   very   nice   considering   we   were   travelling   with   a    1  - year   old .    he   had   his   own   room ,    and   the   curtains   were   very   dark   so   he   could   nap   during   the   day .    they   advertise   complimentary   cribs   when   available ,    although   they   tried   to   tell   me   it   was    $  1  0    a   day   when   i   called   them   directly   to   make   the   reservation .    the   sheet   provided   with   the   crib   was   not   fitted ,    but   was   just   a   folded ,    full - size   flat   sheet .    fortunately ,    we   brought   our   own   fitted   crib   sheet   which   worked   much   better . the   hotel   advertises   complimentary   high - speed   internet ,    but   that   really   meant   free   wifi   in   public   areas   of   the   hotel   only ,    and   some   rooms   had   wired   connections .    our   room   did   not   have   a   wired   internet   connection ,    but   since   it   overlooked   the   pool   area ,    we   were   able   to   get   intermittent   wifi   connections . some   rooms   come   with   complimentary   breakfast   for   two .    ours   did   not ,    since   we   received   a   discounted   rate .    however ,    there   is   a   mcdonad ' s   within   walking   distance   next   door ,    and   a   safeway   and   several   restaurants   nearby . |0.0	1.0	0.0	0.0
convenient   location   but   hotel   is   terrible   my   trip   was   paid   for   in   advance   and   they   charged   me   a   second   time .    i   have   been   trying   to   get   a   refund   for   over    2    weeks   now   and   they   are   non - responsive . no   internet   access   except   for   a   kiosk   in   the   lobby   which   i   found   shocking ,    considering   even   the   super    8    offered   free   wireless   the   last   time   we   stayed   there .    rooms   were   on   the   dumpy   side   and   the   hallways   and   elevator   screamed   run   down .    the   pictures   on   the   website   are   deceptive    -    it   is   not   look   that   glamorous   or   elegant . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
not   bad   for   one   night   stayed   on   a   sunday   night .    front   desk   staff   were   friendly   and   helpful   both   with   early   check - in   and   an   early   check - out .    room   was   large   and   spacious ,    but   rather   bland .    excellent   for   a   business   traveler ,    or   for   a   stayover   with   early   departure   to   phoenix   sky   harbor   airport ,    took    8    minutes   to   get   to   the   airport   via    1  0    freeway .    ideal   location .    very   affordable   rate   at   low    $  5  0 s .    the   pool   looked   nice ,    as   did   their   restaurant ,    but   didn ' t   try   either   one . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
don ' t   know   why   so   many   rated   it   low ,    but .  .  .    i   thought   it   was   fine .    the   shower   head   may   have   been   a   little   weak ,    but   it   worked .    nice   pool ,    and   poolside   atmosphere .    i   didn ' t   think   theroom   was   outdated   at   all ,    it   was   nice   and   it   was   clean .    the   hotel   is   located   to   arizona   mills ,    a   group   of   factory   outlets   and   restaurants . we   had   a   nice   stay . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
not   a    3    star   i   don ' t   know   how   this   hotel   received   a    3    star   rating .    needs   to   be   updated .    the   shower   head   was   hanging   off   the   wall .    under   the   bathroom   sink   where   another   metal   pipe   should   have   been   was   a   rubber   pipe ,    like   one   would   use   in   your   car .    the   a / c   didn ' t   work   properly ,    and   neither   did   the   bath   water .    it   would   go   from   cold   to   scalding   hot ,    and   vice   versa .    the   hotel   was   in   an   excellent   part   of   town ,    but   i   don ' t   recommend   it ,    and   will   never   stay   there   again .    i   should   have   known   better ,    when   i   read   that   it   used   to   be   a   best   western .    the   beds   aren ' t   comfortable   either .    luckily ,    we   weren ' t   at   the   hotel   a   lot ,    so   that   helped . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
clean ,    decent   hotel   stayed   at   this   hotel    1  /  2  0  -  1  /  2  1    to   attend   a   conference .    the   hotel   was   clean ,    rooms   were   large   and   comfortable ,    nothing   fancy .    no   noise ,    though   hotel   was   half   empty   i ' m   extremely   sensitive   to   noise   at   hotels   and   was   not   disturbed   both   evenings   or   in   the   mornings .    is   an   older   building   but   appeared   to   be   well   maintained .    interior   corridors   clean   and   well   lit .    exterior   grounds   well   kept .    has   elevators   on   both   sides   of   the   building .    has   a   nice   pool   and   very   hot   jaquizzi    ,    was   clean .    the   pool   was   well   heated   so   swimming   was   possible   in   the   winter   climate ,    even   at   night .    hotel   provides   free   pass   to   golds   gym ,    a   five   minute   walk   from   front   door .    staff   was   freindly   and   professional   for   the   most   part .    has   good   airport   shuttle ,    ten   minutes   unless   heavy   traffic ,    then   at   worst    2  0    minutes .    its   convienently   located   in   southeast   phoenix ,    right   next   to   tempe .    nice   neghborhood ,    safe .    would   stay   again .    good   conference   facilities   too ,    set   up   well . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
don ' t   do   it !  !    this   place   is   run   down ,    dirty   and   loud .    the   pictures   they   provide   on   the   web   do   not   tell   the   story   so   don ' t   be   fooled . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
total   dump   lobby   is   old   and   dated .    rooms   smelled   like   mildew .    beds   were   old   and   uncomfortable .    rooms ,    beds ,    and   bedding   need   to   be   remodeled .    very   dated    -    like   walking   back   in   time   to   the    7  0  ' s .    will   never   stay   there   again . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
well   below   average   i   was   looking   for   an   above - average   traveler ' s   hotel   for   a   one - night   stay .    unfortunately ,    this   is   below   average .    rooms   are   large   but   very   plain ,    with   furnishings   and   fixtures   as   cheap   as   possible .    the   hotel   shows   its   age   and   badly   needs   refurbishing .    bathroom   sink   was   on   a   slight   slant   because   it   was   pulling   out   of   the   wall .    nothing   is   especially   terrible   or   unacceptable   about   this   hotel .    it   is   just   subpar . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
 " best "    best   western   this   hotel   is   the   best   best   western   i   have   stayed   in .    not   especially   attractive   outside   or   surrounding   area   but   convenient   location   and   walk   to   small   strip   malls   c   eateries .    inside   hotel   is   cool   and   southwestern .    hotel   desk   staff   was   friendly .    there   is   a   complimentary   shuttle   that   goes   anywhere   in    5    mi   area ,    including   airport ,    and   runs   early   am   until   about    1  0    pm .    free   high   speed   internet .    very   comfortable   room .    pool   area   clean   but   not   very   attractive .    two   dificulties   i   had   were :    one ,    the   restaurant   service   was   terrible !    it   opens   at    6    am   which   was   great   for   the   sightseeing   tours   and   my   breakfasts   were   all   free ,    but   once   had   to   finally   open   the   kitchen   door   and   ask   to   be   seated .    then   wait   to   give   order ,    then   wait   for   the   food .    the   food   selection   was   pretty   good .    one   time   the   employee   stopped   to   pick   up   dirty   plates   as   he   led   me   to   my   seat !    the   other   problem   was   the   hotel   manager    -    a   young   woman   apparently   somewhat   new   at   her   job .    she   tried   to   refuse   my   gold   crown   club   points   as   payment   for   my   stay .    when   i   was   persistent ,    she   made   a   phone   call   and   i   heard   her   say   well ,    i   never   heard   of   that .    then   she   credited   me   for   my   points .    i   would   definitely   stay   here   again   when   in   the   phoenix   area ! |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
i   keep   on   coming   back !    i ' ve   been   going   to   this   place   every   year   and   i   keep   on   coming   back   to   this   hotel .    the   reason   why ?    the   breakfast   is   excellent !    it   is   rare   that   hotels   in   this   class   serve   hot   meals ,    yet   they   do !    breakfast   is   fit   for   a   king .    plus ,    the   staff   at   the   front   desk   are   always   courteous   and   friendly .    though   the   bathrooms   are   a   bit   old ,    the   beds   are   still   cozy .    and   the   hotel   is   right   in   the   middle   of   everywhere . |0.0	3.0	0.0	0.0
great   location   this   hotel   is   in   a   great   location   right   off   of   i -  1  0  ,    but   the   best   part   is   its   proximity   to   south   mountain    -    only   a   few   minutes   drive   from   the   hotel   to   the   parking   area   at   the   mountain ,    or   you   could   walk   it   if   you   don ' t   mind   the   busy   streets .    if   you   plan   to   do   any   hiking ,    this   is   a   perfect   place   to   stay .    there   are   also   lots   of   restaurants   to   choose   from   nearby   and   right   across   i -  1  0    in   tempe .    the   rooms   are   large   but   need   renovation ,    although   they   are   clean   and   it ' s   well   worth   the    $  7  2    we   paid    -    especially   considering   that   it   was   march   in   phoenix ,    usually   a   really   expensive   time .    the   maids   were   efficient   and   unobtrusive ,    the   restaurant   staff   was   courteous   and   attentive .    definitely   the   place   to   stay   if   you   aren ' t   looking   for   a   resort - type   hotel . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
nice   hotel   the   hotel   is   nice ,    it   is   a   little   outdated ,    but   nothing   i   would   complain   of    ( mexican   tiled   floors   in   the   front   desk   area   with   fountain )  .    my   boyfriend   and   i   went   there   last   week   for   spring   break .    the   weather   was   awesome   and   they   have   a   nice   pool   area ,    so   we   spent   most   of   our   time   there .    you   can   see   small   mountains / hills   out   your   room   window .    rooms   are   roomy   and   the   maid   service   is   prompt .    front   desk   is   very   friendly ,    we   had   lots   of   questions   about   the   area   and   they   knew   all   about   it .    they   have   a   complimentary   shuttle   service   and   will   drive   you   any   where   within   a    5    mile   radius .  .  . the   drivers   are   very   nice   and   are   willing   to   make   sure   you   get   where   you   want ,    we   didn ' t   have   a   car ,    so   this   became   very   nice   to   have .    this   is   not   a   five   star   hotel ,    but   for   the   price   we   got   it   for   i   would   not   complain .    the   rooms   are   ok ,    but   the   service   is   excellant ,    and   it   is   nearby   lots   of   resturants   and   a   mall ,    some   you   can   even   walk   to .    hint   for   spring   breakers :    i   would   stay   here   again   but   if   i   wanted   to   enjoy   the   college   scene ,    i   probably   would   not   come   here   again ,    not   a   lot   of   action   near   by   and   was   quiet ,    but   that   is   what   we   wanted ,    so   if   you   want   a   relaxing   stay   come   here ,    but   if   you   want   to   be   near   all   the   bars   etc ,    go   somewhere   else . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
 2  -  1  /  2    to    3    stars   for   this   nice   hotel   march    5  - march    9  ,     2  0  0  5 i   was   pleasantly   surprised   when   i   drove   upto   the   hotel .    a   six   story   pink   building   in   a   southwest   theme .    grounds   are   in   top   shape .    nice   palm   laden   pool   area   with   good   sunlight   exposure .    the   room   was   big ,    king   size   bed ,    full   bath / shower   also   had   a   fridge ,    small   cocktail   sink ,    coffee   maker ,    a   zillion   tv   channels   and   movies .    i   left   my   room   everyday   around    7 am   for   golf ,    upon   my   return   room   was   made   up   by   the   maid   service .    a   lounge   and   seperate   resturant   on   site .    the   front   desk   had   a   lovely   young   lady   named   lindsey ,    she   knew   all   you   would   ever   need   to   know   of   the   area .    an   airport   shuttle   service   is   available ,    plus   they   will   drive   you   to   any   of   the   area   resturants ,    malls ,    golf   clubs   within    5    miles   of   hotel .    i   cannot   give   it   anymore   than   a    2  -  1  /  2    stars   beacuse   it   just   a   nice   hotel ,    it   needs   to   be   updated   with   newer   rugs   and   furnishing .    no   bells   and   whistles   here   just   a   clean   room   in   a   good   area .    i   will   go   back   again . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
pleasantly   livable   wi - fi    ( g )    in   the   lobby ;    decent   restaurant ;    stayed   in   the   vip   suite ,    also   with   high - speed   internet -  - both   connections   are   free .    had   a   bit   of   trouble   w /    the   employees   not   knowing   whether   the   room   had   internet   access   or   not ,    although   it   says   so   in   the   computer .    stay   in   the   vip   suites ,    not   only   do   you   get   a   special   key   to   the   last   floor   that   only   you   can   access ,    but   you   get   a   full - course   breakfast   for   free .    and   i ' m   not   talking   about   those   continental   breakfasts   that   imply   something   plentiful .    i   mean   eggs ,    bacon ,    sausage ,    etc . |0.0	2.0	0.0	0.0
south   phoenix   hideway   my   wife   and   i   stayed   here   nov .     '  9  9    and   again   nov    '  0  0    for   nascar   race .    great   location   i -  1  0       elliot   road .    rooms   are   a   bit   dated   but   large   our   room   had   fridge   and   balcony ,    outstanding   sunsets   over   south   mountian . bar      restaurant   on   site . |0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
un   hotel   off   road    .  .  . ma   bello !                      facade|0.0	0.0	0.0	0.0
