they you go clean neat dirty best hotel ever
you dont know its is fun yes dirty quiet scan scrum
A really good choice ! When returning from Hawaii, we stopped at Seattle in this hotel. And we didn't regret it! We arrived in the very morning (10AM) and settled in our room immediatly, and we really did appreciate that.The room was big, king size bed and comfortable, bathroom very enjoyable too. Room was also very calm. The lift gives you a view on the different levels thanks to glass transparency which was very nice because we were in Seattle just for the snow storm!Location is very good too (space needle and downtown are at a walkable distance).Breakfast is complementary and very good.SPA, fitness room and sauna are also available for free.A really good choice for the price (~$80).
Everything you could hope for My friends and I do a road trip to a different NFL venue every year. This was a great place to stay in Seattle. We like to hit up a few tourist spots in addition to the stadium itself and this hotel proved the perfect location to accomplish that. It's within easy walking distance of The Space Needle, Pike Place Market, and basically anywhere downtown. If you have no problem walking, you can even walk to the stadiums with little issue (45 minutes, maybe?), which we did. As for the hotel itself, it's been recently remodeled so it's very clean and modern. The bedding was the most comfortable I've experienced in recent memory, and the breakfast is very legit (it's beyond a continental breakfast but not quite a real breakfast). The price was a ridiculous bargain ($75/night) but this place was so perfect for what we were looking for, I would've been happy if I'd paid $125. The staff was very friendly, great location, outstanding pricing. It's the dream scenario for a budget traveler looking for the ideal location, but it has enough frills that even a more high maintenance individual would be more than happy.
Reasonably priced hotel in downtown Seattle We stayed at the Loyal Inn because we wanted to be in downtown Seattle, since we only had two nights there. It exceeded our expectations in many respects. The rooms were large and comfortable, with many extra amenities. The breakfast was very extensive, with many fresh fruits, eggs, breads and even waffles.The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful, especially with suggestions of places to see during our rather limited time in the city. (Highlights were the Columbia Center, the second tallest building on the west coast, with marvelous views of the surrounding area, and also the Pike Street Market.)We also appreciated the location, as it is within two blocks of the area of free bus transportation from early morning to late evening on all buses in the downtown area. This was a marvelous idea, and did much to cut down on traffic congestion.I plan to return to this hotel in the spring of 2009.
Worth the cost The room that I was given had not been made up after the previous guests. The front desk promptly gave me another room, which appeared to be an upgrade. Except for the room鈥檚 carpeting, the facility was clean and well-maintained throughout. The staff was friendly and helpful; the continental breakfast had ample selections and amounts. The room鈥檚 thin floor covering appeared not to have been vacuumed. The thermostat on the noisy heating/air conditioning unit didn鈥檛 work, and the heat had to be turned on  off manually, throughout the night. The hotel is located in the downtown area, and there was some street noise. OK for business travelers and seniors. About 2 miles from AMTRAK.
Got what we paid for but great breakfast Enjoy your breakfast and the thought that you are saving money -- but that is about it.We stayed just overnight and this is the duration that I recommend to everyone. First, if you are from outside U.S., make sure you print out the sheet (ie. travelocity or expedia page) showing that you get free parking. We had a dispute with the front desk who said they do not give free parking but if we could prove it, they would be more than happy to accommodate. We had to use their internet (free luckily) to print out the page and show to them.Second, bedding linens were worn out and must have been from the 70s but were clean. Checked for roaches, etc but none so I guess they earned their 2 stars. Carpet is threadbare. You get a fuzzy TV with full cable and a reasonable sized fridge (no alcohol) and microwave. We were offput by the dispensing machines in the bathroom where you pressed buttons to get shampoo and soap. How cheap is that?Construction in the neighborhood begins at 7am sharp where we were woken by jackhammer drill early in the morning.Breakfast was excellent in a huge breakfast room and includes yogourt, waffles (you make your own), pastries, fruit, cereal, milk, hard boiled eggs, toast, bagels. We were disgruntled by our room but the free breakfast somewhat made us feel better.Elevator is sometimes slow. Cleaning staff don't say hello or smile, I guess don't care about guests considering this is 2 star hotel. Take the stairs if you can.Location is central, although seems area is kind of seedy if not dead. Lots of car lots around. You can walk to downtown within 10 minutes. They leave a card on your bed warning you to be cautious about safety in this area and maybe it is warranted.We enjoyed Phantom of the Opera while we were there. Parking is close but expensive and around $20 for events.Get what you pay for.
Don't leave valuables in the room!!! The hotel is clean, value for money and the breakfast is great. The location is within walking distance with the Space Needle and downtown sights. We would have stayed there again but our ipod touch was stolen from our room when we were out for dinner. The staff we reported it to did not take us seriously and simply said that only our room keys were used to get into the room. We only had one key. If you are to stay there then use the safe provided in the room and don't leave any valuables in the room. We can't seem to prove anything so we are left $300 down. 